default,
バスティスライム,Busty Slime Girl
EU7_paizuriAnime,
むちむちで張りのある体をした上級のスライム。胸で相手を虜にすることを得意とする。水質のきれいな湖に生息し、水辺に近づいてきた男性を人間に擬態して捕食する。,An advanced slime with a buxom and curvaceous body who is skilled at using her massive breasts to captivate men.\n\nShe inhabits clean water lakes and often preys on men who approach the water's edge by mimicking the appearance of a human female.
あは、わたしのおっぱい、好きになっちゃった？,Aha! Have you taken an interest in my magnificent boobies?
さっきよりおっぱいに弱くなっているの丸わかり。\nもっと挟んで気持ちよくしてほしいんだよね❤,I can clearly tell that your weaker for boobs than before. It makes me want to rub your dick between my boobs even more!❤
いいよ❤気持ちいいパイズリ攻撃たっぷりしてあげる❤\nほら、腰をわたしの方に突き出して・・・❤,Ok then.❤ I'll give you a proper; mind-melting paizuri.❤ Hora. Just thrust your hips in my direction and...❤
おっぱいでむぎゅむぎゅしてあげるね・・・❤えい❤,I'll squish and smoosh you with my boobs okay...?❤ Eei!❤
んー？挟んだだけなのに、\nおちんちんがビクビクしちゃっている。\nもしかして、おっぱいのこと大好き？,Hm...? I only pinched it a little between my boobs and your dick is twitching already. Do you perhaps; have a weakness for boobs?
おっぱいに弱いあなたなら、\nふふ、こんなふうにたぷんたぷんってされたら、\nすぐ負けちゃうんじゃない？,If you have a weakness for boobs; then... Ufufu; I bet if I wobble them around like this; then you'll end up losing right away; right?
あは❤気持ちよさそうな声❤\nそのまま頭の中からっぽにしてていいよ❤\nすぐ終わらせてあげる❤,Aha!❤ Judging by those moans you're feeling really good.❤ Let your mind go blank just like that.❤ I'll make sure it'll all be over soon-❤
ふふ、おっぱいに見とれちゃってるね❤\n戦うのはもうおしまいかな？,Fufu; I can see you've been admiring my chest.❤ I guess this means you don't intend to fight anymore?
そのままじっとしてて・・・。そうすれば、\nほら、こんなご褒美あげちゃう・・・❤,Just stay still like that... If you do then... Hora; I'll have to reward you by doing this...❤
たぷんたぷんっておちんちん扱かれて、最高だよね❤\nいいんだよ。そのまま負けちゃっても。,Plap plap plap~ Having your dick stroked feels the best; doesn't it?❤ It's okay; no one will mind even if you lose.
エッチの経験が少ない男の子が、\nこんな気持ちいいパイズリされたら、勝てるわけないもん。\nほら、たくさん出して・・・❤えいえい❤,There's no way a boy with no sexual experience can win when their dick is feeling good between a pair of boobs like this. Come on; let it all out...❤ Cum; cum!❤
男のマスターに従っていても、いいことなんて何もないと思うなー。それに比べてほら・・・。,Even if you followed your 'male' master's orders... I don't think anything good would happen~.
わたしたちに負けちゃえば、こんな風に気持ちいいパイズリ、してもらえるんだよ❤,But on the other hand... If you lose to us; then you get a mind-melting paizuri like this!❤
おっぱいが大好きなあなたが、死ぬほどしてほしかったパイズリ・・・。たくさんたくさんしてもらえるの❤,Tit lovers like yourself would die for a paizuri like this... And now I'm going to give you exactly what you want.❤
おちんちんが気持ちよくて、もう最高に幸せで・・・❤どっちの方がいいか、考えなくてもわかるよね？うふふ❤,When your penis is trapped in the ultimate feeling of happiness...❤ You don't even have to think about what you'd rather have; right? Ufufu.❤
上級モンスターのパイズリだよ❤\nあなたなんてすぐイかせちゃうんだから❤,This is the Paizuri of an advanced class monster!❤ So of course someone like you will end up cumming right away.❤
ほらぁ、むぎゅっておちんちん挟み込んで、\nずりずり、ぐちゅぐちゅ❤\n死んじゃうぐらい気持ちいいでしょ？,Horaa; I’ll squeeze your dick between my boobs and... *Slide* *squish*...❤ It feels so so good you can feel your conciousness slipping away; right?❤
くすくす❤すごーく顔が蕩けちゃってる❤\nおっぱい大好きなんだ❤,Kuhuhu~❤ You have a really silly expression right now.❤ You must really like boobs.❤
おっぱいが好きなあなたなら、\nこんな大きいおっぱいでいじめてもらえて、うれしいよねー❤\nお口からよだれがでちゃってアヘアへ状態❤,A big boobie lover like yourself must be overjoyed to have their dick teased by boobs as large as mine huh?❤ Your're already moaning and even starting to drool a little.❤
ぷるんぷるんのスライムおっぱいで、もっとズリズリして\n骨抜きにしてあげる❤\nほらほらほら・・・❤,I'll rub you even more between my bouncy slime boobies and make you fall deeper under my spell.❤ Hora hora hora...❤
ほら、とびっきりのおっぱいで挟んで昇天させてあげる❤,Hora; I'll wrap my superior boobs around your dick and send you to heaven.❤
わたしのスライムおっぱい、\n張りがあるのにしっとりやわらかで、\nとっても気持ちいいんだよ❤えい❤,My slime boobies are firm; yet soft to the touch; so they feel really good.❤ Eei!❤
どうかな？こんなふうにたぷんたぷんってされるの、\nすごく気持ちいいでしょ？,What do you think? When I bounce my boobs up and down your shaft like this; it feels amazing; doesn't it?❤
あは❤隠したって無駄。\n気持ちよさそうな声、漏れちゃってるもん。\nそのまま頭の中からっぽにしてていいよ❤すぐ終わらせるから❤,Aha!❤ There's no point in hiding it. I can already tell by the sounds of your moans. Just relax and let your mind go blank.❤ It'll all be over soon.❤
うふふ❤抵抗しちゃダメだよ。\nわたしたちにおとなしく食べられちゃおうね。,Ufufu.❤ Don't bother resisting me. Just be a good boy and let me taste you OK?
言うこと聞いてくれたら、\nほら、こんなご褒美あげちゃう・・・❤,If you do as I say; then I'll give you a reward- Hora...❤
たぷんたぷんっておちんちん扱かれて、最高だよね❤\nこんなに気持ちいいんだもん。\nそのまま負けちゃっても仕方ないよ。,Having my fat; bouncy boobs stroking up and down your dick feels amazing; doesn't it?❤ It can't be helped that it feels this good. Just submit and give in to it.
エッチの経験が少ないあなたが負けても、誰も責めない。\nだから、ね❤\nパイズリされて谷間に中出ししちゃお❤えいえい❤,No one would blame someone as inexperienced as yourself for giving in. Just go ahead and shoot your stuff into my boobs as I coax it all out.❤ Eei; eei!❤
男のマスターに従っていても、\nいいことなんて何もないと思うなー。\nそれに比べてほら・・・。,Even if you followed your 'male' master's orders... I don't think anything good would happen~.
わたしたちに負けちゃえば、\nこんな風に気持ちいいパイズリ、\nしてもらえるんだよ❤,But on the other hand... If you lose to us; then you get a mind-melting paizuri like this!❤
おちんちんが気持ちよくて、もう最高に幸せで・・・❤\nどっちの方がいいか、考えなくてもわかるよね？うふふ❤,You'll end up being stuck in a state of permanent happiness when I make your dick feel good...❤ You can probably guess which outcome you'd prefer right? Ufufu.❤
ほらぁ、むぎゅっておちんちん挟み込んで、\nずりずり、ぐちゅぐちゅ❤\nぷるんぷるんのおっぱいで死ぬほど気持ちよくされちゃう❤,Hora~ I’ll squeeze your dick between my boobs and... *Slide* *squish*...❤ It feels so so good you can feel your consciousness slipping away; right?❤
頭の中とろとろにされて、戦えなくされちゃうね❤\nおっぱいに負けてエナジーわたしにちょうだぁい❤\nほらほらほら・・・❤,Your mind is so blank and empty right now you can't even begin to fight huh?❤ Just give into my boobs and give me your energy.❤ Hora hora hora...❤
ううっ、おっぱいで気持ちよくして…❤\nおねがいします・・・❤,Ooogh... Make me feel good with your boobs...❤ Please...❤
くすくす❤おちんちん挟んでほしくて、\n敵におねだりしちゃうんだ❤,Kuhuhu!❤ You want your dick between my boobs so bad; you've ended up begging your enemy to give it to you.❤
わたしのスライムおっぱい、\n気持ちよさそうだもんねー❤\n我慢できなくなっちゃったのかな？かわいい❤,You can't help but feel weak when my slime boobs are around your dick.❤ Maybe you've just stopped trying to fight it entirely? How cute.❤
あん❤おっぱいにどぴゅどぴゅ出しちゃった❤\nおねだりして自分から負けるなんて、\n初心者マスターくんってばかわいい❤,Ahhn~❤ Squirt squirt! You shot your load into my boobs.❤ To willingly give in and beg for it like that... You're real cute and adorable for a newbie cardmaster.❤
あん❤おっぱいにどぴゅどぴゅ出しちゃった❤\nおねだりして自分から負けるなんて、\n素直でかわいいモンスターくんね❤くすくす❤,Ahhn~❤ Squirt squirt! You shot your load into my boobs.❤ To willingly give in and beg for it like that... What a cute obedient little monster you are.❤ *Giggle*❤
うっ、ううっ・・・。,Ooh. Ohhh...
うふふ❤攻撃してくるかと思ったら、オナニーし始めるなんて・・・❤,Ufufu.❤ I thought you were going to attack me; but then you started masturbating instead...❤
わたしにエッチなことされて、もうおっぱいのことしか考えられなくなっちゃったのかな？くすくす♪,Maybe doing lewd things with me has left you unable to think of anything else except my boobs? Kuhuhu.♪
戦いの最中なのに、わたしのおっぱいを見て、エッチな妄想抑えられなくなっちゃったんだね？くすくす♪,Even though we're in the middle of battle; you can't stop yourself from staring at my boobs and imagining yourself doing lewd things with them huh? Kuhuhu.♪
ほら、たくさん見ていいんだよ。わたしのおっぱい❤,Go ahead. You can look at my breasts for as long as you like.❤
うあっ、ううっ・・・。,Uaah. Oohh...
あは、興奮しすぎ❤谷間を作ってあげただけで、そんなにガン見しちゃって・・・。恥ずかしくないのかな？他の仲間に笑われちゃうよ？,Aha! You're way to horny right now.❤ Just from squeezing my boobs together like this; you're already oogling them so intently... Have you no shame? Won't your allies laugh at you for doing such a thing?
そんなこともうどうでもいっか。おっぱいのことだけしか頭になくて、とっても間抜けなお顔でおちんちん扱いてる❤,Not that I mind of course. Empty your mind of everything except boobs; and stroke your dick with that stupid-looking face of yours.❤
しこしこ、しこしこって・・・❤気持ちよさそうだねー。変態で、最高にカッコ悪いよ❤新米マスターさん❤,Stroke your dick- Pump it and rub it just like that...❤ Looks like you're feeling good~ Perverts really do have it the worst huh? Newbie master~❤
しこしこ、しこしこって・・・❤気持ちよさそうだねー。変態で、最高にカッコ悪いよ❤,Stroke your dick- Pump it and rub it just like that...❤ Looks like you're feeling good~ Perverts really do have it the worst huh?❤
ふふ、馬鹿にされて興奮しちゃった？しごくの、もっと早くなってるじゃん❤,Fufu; is making fun of you turning you on even more? You're stroking even faster now~❤
敵の目の前でくすくす笑われて、悔しいはずなのに、おちんちんをいじる手がとまらない・・・❤,You should be so frustrated to have your enemy giggling in front of you like this; and yet you can't stop playing with yourself...❤
いいよ。ほら、おっぱいを顔の前でたぷたぷしてあげるから・・・❤情けない顔のまま、射精しちゃえ。,It's okay. Hora;  I'll bounce my boobs in front of your face...❤ Hold that pathetic expression...and shoot it all out~.
イク瞬間のトロトロにとろけた顔、じーっと見ててあげる。うふふ・・・❤,I'll closely watch your melted expression the moment you cum. Ufufu...❤
あは❤すごい量の精液。おっぱいにいっぱいかかっちゃった。,Aha!❤ What an amazing amount of semen. My boobs are totally soiled.
わたしのおっぱいに負けるの気持ちよかったかな？素敵なマゾ射精だったね。くすくす❤,Did losing to my boobs feel good? That was a beautiful masochist ejaculation. Kuhuhu.❤
うふふ❤攻撃してくるかと思ったら、あなたもオナニーし始めるなんて・・・❤,Ufufu.❤ I thought you were going to attack me; but then you starting masturbating as well...❤
おっぱいのこと大好きなんだもんね❤仲間が負けちゃうのを見て、おちんちんイライラしちゃったのかな？くすくす♪,I guess it can't be helped if all of you love boobs so much; huh?❤ Maybe your dick started getting tingly after you watched your ally submit himself to me. Kuhuhu.♪
仲間がわたしのおっぱいの前で自爆しちゃうのを見て、エッチな妄想抑えられなくなっちゃったのかな？くすくす♪,I guess you couldn't suppress your sexual desires any longer after seeing your ally give in to my boobs hm? Kuhuhu-♪
ほら、近くで見ていいよ。わたしのおっぱい❤,Hora. You can come and get a closer look. My boobs are right here.❤
うあっ❤ううっ・・・❤,Uwah...❤ Oooh...❤
あは、興奮しすぎ❤モンスターの体をそんなにガン見しちゃって恥ずかしくないの？,Aha! You're way too horny.❤ Aren't you embarrassed staring at the body of a monster like that?
あなたも、さっきの人も、おっぱいのことで頭いっぱいで、おちんちんしごくのに一生懸命❤とっても間抜けなお顔で、しこしこ、しこしこ❤,You're stroking your penis with all your might as well; full of thoughts of my boobs just like the guy from earlier.❤ Go on; keep pumping it. Your goofy expression is hilarious.❤
マスターらしくみんなを引っ張っていかなきゃいけないのに、お手本を見せるどころか自分も一緒にしこしこ❤しこしこ❤,As a card master; should be rallying everyone together; but instead of setting an example for your familiars; you're stroking your dick. Stroke stroke~❤ Stroke stroke~❤
おちんちん気持ちよくなれればなんでもいいんだもんね。プライドとかないんだもんね❤くすくす❤,As long as your dick feels good; nothing else matters; right? Things like pride don't matter to you at all huh~❤ Kuhuhu.❤
みんなしてマスターのこと裏切って、ふふふ・・・❤最高にカッコ悪いよ、モンスターさん❤,You've betrayed your master; and everyone else. Ufufufu...❤ You're the lowest of the low; Mr. Monster.❤
ふふ、あなたも馬鹿にされて興奮しちゃっているの？マゾばっかりだね。しごくの、もっと早くなっている❤,Fufu; are you getting off from being rediculed as well? You really are a masochist huh? You're stroking even faster now!❤
おっぱいに夢中な姿をくすくす笑われて、悔しいはずなのに、おちんちんをしごく手がとまらない・・・❤,You should feel embarrased for being laughed at for being entranced by my boobs; and yet you can't stop stroking your dick...❤
いいんだよ。ほら、おっぱいを顔の前でたぷたぷしてあげるから、情けない顔のまま、射精しちゃえ。,Very well. Hora; I'll bounce my boobs right in front of your eyes; so cum helplessly while keeping that stupid face you're making.
あんっ❤すごい量の精液。おっぱいにいっぱいかかっちゃった。,Ahn~❤ What an amazing amount. My boobs have been totally drenched.
あううっ、追い詰められるなんて予想以上・・・。,Augh; I wasn't expecting to be cornered like this...
ねえ、あなたはわたしのおっぱいで気持ちよくなりたくないの？,Hey; don't you want my boobs to make you feel good?
何回かぎゅってしてあげたから、わかるよね。わたしのおっぱいがどれだけ気持ちいいかってこと・・・❤,I've squeezed my boobs around you a couple of times now; so you know what I mean~ You know what pleasure's my boobs can bestow...❤
ほら、我慢なんてやめちゃお？たくさん挟んであげるよ。,Hora; why not stop this fighting? And I'll use them to milk your dick properly.
だから、武器を捨てて。おねがーい❤,So come on; drop your weapon. Pleaase~?❤
無視して攻撃した,Ignore her and attack
我慢できずに武器を捨ててしまった,Drop your weapon without trying to resist
きゃあ！あうう、とっても気持ちいいのに・・・。,Kyah! Aaah; but you would have felt so good...
ふふ❤ありがと。やっぱり男の子ならおっぱいで気持ちよくなりたいよね❤,Fufu.❤ Thanks~ I knew someone like you couldn't resist the pleasures of my breasts~❤
そこに寝ころんで。いっぱい楽しませてあげる。,Just lie down over there. I'll make you feel really good.
あうううっ…❤,Aaahh...❤
どうどう？気持ちいいでしょー❤,Well? Well? Feels good; doesn't it?~❤
自分から負けを選ぶと、心のバリアが消えちゃうから、おちんちんから伝わるおっぱいの気持ちよさが何倍にもなっちゃうの。,That's because when you choose to lose; the mental barrier around your heart disappears; which multiplies the pleasure my boobs transmit to your penis several times over.
わたしのとろけるようなおっぱいで、たくさん喘いでいいよ・・・❤,It's okay to moan lots while you're between my melty; slippery boobies...❤
はうっ、あああっ…❤,Ahh; ooohhh...❤
あはー❤いい声♪,Aha~!❤ Nice voice you got there.♪
さっきまで勝てそうだった相手に、一方的に喘がされちゃう気分はどうかな？,I wonder how it feels to be at the mercy of the enemy you were about to win against?
わたしの体の上で、だらーんって身を任せてパイズリされちゃって・・・。くすくす。自分が情けなく思えてきちゃう？,Mindlessly surrendering yourself to my paizuri while you slump over my body... Kuhuhu. I think I'm starting to feel sorry for you.
あっ、ああっ❤も、もうダメ❤こんなのっ…❤,Ahh; aaooh...❤ N-No more~❤ I can't...❤
先っちょが膨らんでる。ここまで来たらイクまで止まれないでしょ？いいよー❤,The tip is starting to swell. If you've come this far; you won't be able to stop until you cum; right? Go on then~❤
スライムおっぱいに、おちんちん負けちゃおうね。ほら、出して出して❤,Submit your penis to my slime boobs; OK? Hora; let it out; let it out.❤
んふ❤おっぱいどろどろー❤大事なエナジー簡単に出しちゃったね。,Ufu.❤ My boobs are all slippery-❤ You ended up letting your energy out so easily!
勝てそうな勝負を自分から捨てて、こんな風にバトルに負けて、よかったのかな？新米マスターさん♪,Oh Newbie Master♪ Was it good to lose the battle by giving up fights you could have easily won?
気持ちよかったでしょ？マスターの命令に逆らって、自分から武器を捨てた甲斐はあったんじゃない？ふふふ❤,It felt good; didn't it? Defying your master's orders and throwing away your weapon of your own accord? Fufufu~❤
あううっ、また追い詰められるなんて・・・。,Ahh... I've been cornered yet again...
ねえ、あなたもわたしのおっぱいで気持ちよくなりたくない？,Hey; don't you want to feel good with my boobs as well?
何回かぎゅってしてあげたから、わかるよね。,I've squeezed you between them a couple of times; so you understand what it's like; right?
わたしのおっぱいがどれだけ気持ちいいかってこと❤,...Just how pleasurable my boobs can really feel.❤
さっきの人も自分から武器を捨てて、\n谷間の中にぜんぶ出しちゃったの・・・❤,Cast aside your weapon just like the other guy; and shoot lots of sperm between my cleavage...❤
武器を捨てて・・・。おねがい❤,Cast aside your weapon... Please~❤
ふふ❤ありがと♪\n自分一人だけ真面目に戦っても馬鹿みたいだもん。\nあなたもおっぱいで気持ちよくなりたいよね❤,Fufu.❤ Thanks~♪ It would be foolish to continue the fight alone after all. You want to feel good with my boobs as well; don't you?❤
そこに寝ころんで。\nいっぱい楽しませてあげる。,Just lie down over there. I'll pleasure you lots.
自分から負けを選ぶと、\n心のバリアが消えちゃうから、\nおちんちんから伝わるおっぱいの気持ちよさが何倍にもなっちゃうの。,That's because when you choose to lose; the mental barrier around your heart disappears; which multiplies the pleasure my boobs transmit to your penis several times over.
わたしのとろけるようなおっぱいで、\nたくさん喘いでいいよ・・・❤,It's okay to moan lots while you're between my melty; slippery boobies...❤
あは❤いい声❤,Nice voice you got there.♪
さっきまで勝てそうだった相手に、\n一方的に喘がされちゃう気分はどうかな？,I wonder how it feels to be at the mercy of the enemy you were about to win against?
わたしの体の上で、\nだらーんって身を任せてパイズリされちゃって・・・。\nくすくす。自分が情けなく思えてきちゃう？,Mindlessly surrendering yourself to my paizuri while you slump over my body... Kuhuhu. I think I'm starting to feel sorry for you.
いいよー❤\nもうそこまで来たらイクまで止まれないでしょ？,It's OK.❤ If you've come this far; you won't be able to stop until you cum; right? Go on then~.
あなたもスライムおっぱいに負けちゃおうね。\nほら、出して出して❤,You're gonna submit to my slime boobies just like the rest. Hora; cum; cum!❤
んふ❤おっぱいどろどろー❤\n大事なエナジー簡単に出しちゃったね。,Ufu.❤ My boobs are all slippery-❤ You ended up letting your energy out so easily!
あと一歩まで追い詰めたのに、あなたも結局、モンスターと一緒だったね。おっぱいに負けたかったんでしょ？新米マスターさん❤,Oh Newbie Master♪You were so close to beating me; but in the end you lost to my boobs like the rest of the other monsters; huh?
みんなしてマスターの命令に逆らって・・・。くすくす❤おっぱいに弱すぎだよ❤,Disobeying your master and everyone else like that... Kuhuhu.❤ You have a serious weakness when it comes to boobs.❤
ほら見て。谷間がどろどろ❤わたしのおっぱい、オカズにできてよかったね。新米マスターさん❤,Look at this. My cleavage is ally slimy.❤ You really enjoyed using my boobs as fap material huh; Mr. Newbie Master?❤
わたしのパイズリ気持ちよかったでしょー❤\n自慢のおっぱいでいちころだったね。うふふ❤,My paizuri felt great; didn't it?❤ You got totally beat by my superior boobs.
スライムを使うサキュバスの少女に敗れた僕は、近くで商人が襲われている中、青色の上級スライムに下半身をとらわれていた。,Having lost to the slime using succubus girl; I quickly found the lower half of my body caught underneath the blue advanced class slime girl's body; all while the merchant was being attacked nearby.
ううっ、離して・・・。\n助けにいかないと・・・。,Oogh; let me go... If I don't help him he'll...
くすくす❤お射精しちゃって力入らないね❤\nわたしの体にのしかかられて、\n全然逃げられない❤,Kuhuhu.❤ You ended up ejaculating; and now you can't move at all.❤ There's no way you can escape from under my body.❤
一回出したのに、おちんちんまだかたぁい❤\n商人さんのことなんて放っておいて、\nもっと気持ちいいことしたいんだよねー❤,Even though you had just cum; your dick is soo hardd~❤ Why not just leave the merchant alone? You would much rather do more things that feel good with me; right?❤
あはは、無様な格好❤やっぱり男の子っておっぱいには勝てないんだね。わたしのおっぱいをおかずにするの気持ちよかったでしょ❤,Haha! How unprofessional.❤ I guess no boy can ever win against boobs after all huh? You had a good cumming for my boobs; didn't you~❤
おっぱいを見せつけてあげたら、自分でシコシコしちゃうんだもん。カッコ悪かったよ❤くすくす❤,When I flaunt my boobies; you can't help but start stroking your dick. It's absolutely terrible!❤ Kuhuhu.❤
ぐっ、違うっ・・・❤\nあうっ、やめて、ぐちゅぐちゅしないでぇ・・・❤,Ough; you're w-wrong...❤ Ahh... Just stop; don't squish them together like that it's...❤
あはは❤かわいい反応で楽しくなっちゃう❤\nスライムに包まれたまま、ぐに、ぐに、って動かされると、\nとっても気持ちいいでしょ？,Ahaha!❤ Your cute reactions are so funny!❤ The squishy movements around your dick while it's wrapped up in my slime feels amazing; right?
このままわたしの下半身でゆっくり食べてあげてもいいけれど・・・。,I could just feast on you with the lower half of my body; but...
さっき君が射精したおっぱいで、また搾り取ってあげる❤\nえいっ❤,I think I'll just keep milking you with my sperm-covered boobies.❤ Eei!❤
まずはおっぱいでぎゅーってちゃんと捕まえて…❤,First I'll wrap you snug between in my boobs; squeeze...and...!
あは、こうやって押し付けられるの気持ちいい？\nぷるんぷるんのスライムが、\nあなたのおちんちんを押しかえしてくるよ❤,Aha! Does it feel good when I squeeze them together like that? Because they're so bouncy and soft; your dick is being jostled between them~❤
あっちで君が守ってた人が襲われてるのに、\nがんばって跳ね除けないといけないのに…❤,Even though the person you were supposed to protect is being attacked over there; even though you're supposed to be doing your best to push me aside...❤
おちんちんはおっぱい押し付けられただけで降参しちゃう❤\nもっと気持ちよくしてぇって、\n固く、敏感になっちゃう❤,It can't be helped that your dick becomes hard and sensitive because it wants to feel even more pleasure. All I have to do is push it between my boobs and it ends up surrendering completely.❤
うっ、ううっ・・・。だめなのに・・・❤\nはうぅ、やわらかくてぇ・・・❤,Ooh; ooogh... This isn't good...❤ But I can't stop... They feel so soft...❤
くすくす❤まだ動かしてないのに、そんな泣きそうな顔されたら、\nわたしもうたまんない❤,Kuhuhu.❤ I haven't even moved yet; and you already look like you're about to cry. It's too much!❤
人間の男の子をいじめるのって楽しいなぁ。\nほら、動かして、もっと顔をぐちゃぐちゃにしてあげる❤,It's so fun to tease human males. Hora; I'll move my boobs and give you even more slutty expressions.❤
あひっ、あっ、あっ、ああっ❤❤,Ahiee; aah; ahh; ahhoooh~❤
スライムおっぱい気持ちいいねー❤\nぷるんぷるんでしっかり包み込んでくるのに、\nローションつけたみたいにとろとろすべすべ❤,Slime boobs feel good; don't they!❤ Even though they're pressed tightly around your dick; their jelly like structure also makes them feel slippery like they've been lotioned.❤
ぬるんぬるんっておちんちんが撫でられて、\nもうたまんない❤腰が抜けちゃいそうでしょ❤,So when your slimy dick is rubbed; you just can't help it. It feels like your lower half is melting; right?
くすくす❤腰がガクガク震えてるよ？\n無意識かもしれないけど、\nおちんちん一生懸命おっぱいにこすりつけちゃってる❤,Kuhuhu.❤ Your hips are twitching; you know? Though you may not realize it; your dick is trying it's best to rub against my boobs.❤
これが女の子モンスターのカラダだよぉ❤\nおっぱいズリズリ、気持ちいいねー❤,This is the body of a female monster~❤ Titty fucking feels good; huh!❤
はひぃっ・・❤だめ、だめぇ❤このままじゃ、またっ❤,Ahiee...❤ No; noo~❤ At this rate I'm gonna... again...❤
あはぁ、先っぽ膨らんできた❤\nまた出しちゃうんだ❤,Ahaha!❤ The tip of your dick is swelling. You're gonna end up cumming again~❤
スライムおっぱいでズリズリされて、\nあっという間にお射精の準備できちゃったね❤\n離せぇとか言ってたのに、全然耐えられない❤はやぁい❤,Rubbing your dick with my slime boobies makes you spermies produce in no time; huh!❤ Even though you told me to let you go; you can't resist at all.❤ What a quick-shot~❤
ほらぁ、出して出して❤,Hora~ Cum~ Cum!~❤
おっぱい、ぱんぱんぱん♪って叩きつけてあげる❤\nぷるぷるパイズリで精液搾りだされちゃえ❤,I'll massage my firm boobs up and down your dick♪; slapping your shaft with every bounce~❤ You're gonna get milked my jiggly paizuri whether you want it or not~❤
マスターくんのおいしいエナジー、ほらぁ、ちょうだぁい❤\nイケ、イっちゃえ❤\nびゅるるぅ❤,Hora; give me your delicious energy; Card Master~❤ Cum~ Cum!~❤ Pew pew pew~❤
くうっ、あうぅっ・・・❤,Oogh... aaooohh..❤
あひぃ、はひぃ・・・❤きもちいい・・・❤,Ahiee; aahh...❤ Feels so good...❤
くすくす❤とろーんってした顔かわいい❤\nおちんちんからどびゅーって出したら、\n頭ふわぁってなっちゃった？,Kuhuhu.❤ Your blissed-out expression is so cute.❤ Did your mind go all fuzzy when your penis started shooting out your load?
敵だった女の子に、\nずりずりたぷたぷ、パイズリ攻撃されて、\nすっかりとろけ顔❤,Having the entire shaft of your dick massaged by the bouncy boobs of a female enemy has left you totally drooling~❤
んふふ❤、エナジーもすごくおいしいし、\nわたし、あなたのこと気に入っちゃった。\nマスターに頼んで飼ってもらおうかなぁ❤,Ufufu~❤ Your energy is delicious; and I've ended up taking quite a liking to you too. Maybe I should ask my master to keep you...❤
ねー、あなたはどう思う？\nわたしに飼ってほしい？,Well~ What do you think? You want me to keep you?
ううっ、それはぁ・・・❤\n妹を、妹を助けにいかないと・・・❤,Ooh... T-That's...❤ B-But I have to go save my sister...❤
そっかー、残念だなー❤\nでも、ほら、見てぇ❤,Is that so~ What a pity~❤ But; look at this; hora~❤
あなたを二回もイかせちゃったおっぱい❤\n挟んで、ずりずりされて、\nとってもきもちよかったよねー❤,These are the boobs that ended up making you cum twice.❤ Having your dick rubbed between them felt really good; right?❤
もうわたしのおっぱいは飽きちゃったかなぁ❤\nあの腰が溶けちゃうみたいなパイズリは、\n二度と味わえなくなっちゃうんだよ？,I wonder if you've had enough of my boobs already...❤ You'll never be able to taste my mind melting dick melting paizuri ever again; you know?
わたしのおっぱいはねー、特別製なの。\n男の子が一番気持ちよくなれるように、\n弾力も大きさも、ばっちり調整済み❤,My boobs are designed for a very special purpose after all. Their size and bounciness have been perfectly adjusted to make boys ejaculate as easily as possible.
だからぁ、いまもおちんちん、じんじんうずいてるよね。\n気持ちよすぎたパイズリの快感、\n忘れられないんでしょ？,That's why your dick is still rock hard; isn't it~. The pleasure of my paizuri felt so good; you can't get it out of your head; right?
はやくまた挟んでほしいよぉ、って\nもう我慢できなくなってる❤,Your dick wants to bury itself in my boobs again as soon as possible~ It just can't take it anymore~❤
ほらぁ、わたしがおっぱいって言うたびに、びくびくしちゃってるよ❤\n痛いぐらいにギンギンになってるけど、\nパイズリしてもらえなくていいのかなー❤,Hora~ Every time I say the word boobs; your dick twitches. I wonder if really want to refuse my paizuri with your dick so bloated like that~❤
うぐ、うううっ・・・❤,Oogh; oooh...❤
ね、どうしてほしい？\nまた気持ちよくしてほしい？,Well? What do you want? Do you want to feel good again?
でもね、あなたのエナジーもそろそろ限界。\nもう一回どぴゅってしたら、\nあなたは気絶しちゃうかも♪,But you should know. Your energy levels have nearly reached their limit. If you were to start cumming again; you might pass out.♪
そうしたらわたしたちに連れ去られて、\nその先はずーっとペット扱い。\n飼われてエナジータンクにされちゃうんだよ❤,So then; we're gonna take you away and keep you as a pet from here on out. You're gonna become our energy tank!❤
どうする？挟まれたい？\nほらほらぁ、もみもみするおっぱい見ながら考えてぇ・・・❤,What do you think? Do you wanna thrust between my boobs? Hora hora; I can tell from where you're looking that you want a boobie dick massage...❤
あっ、ああっ❤えろすぎるよぉ・・❤,Ahh; aahh~❤ It's too sexy... I can't...❤
おねが、い・・・❤挟んで、挟んでぇ・・・❤,Ahh; ahoohh~❤ I-I need my dick between your boobs...so soft and bouncy...❤
くすくす❤蕩け顔でおねだりできて、\nえらいねー❤,Kuhuhu~❤ Pleading like that with that dopey expression... Well done~❤
やっぱりあなた、ペットの素質があるよ❤\nおちんちんふりふりさせて、ご主人さまにおねだりできて、\nとってもいいこ❤,You have the true makings of a pet.❤ Bouncing your dick up and down while begging your mistress; what a good pet~❤
ほらぁ、おっぱいでイかせてあげる❤\nまた気持ちいいパイズリ天国、楽しもうねー❤,Hora; I'll make you cum with my boobs.❤ Enjoy experiencing my blissful boobie heaven again~❤
これからは、わたしのことご主人さまって呼ぶんだよ。\nちゃんと言えるかなー❤,From now on; you will call me your mistress. I wonder if you'll can say it properly~❤
はひぃっ❤おっぱいきもちいいですっ❤ああっ、ご主人さまぁ・・❤,Ahhh...❤ M-Mistress...❤ Your boobies feel so good~❤
うふふ❤ずりずりしてあげるねー❤,Ufufu.❤ I'll circle my titties around your dick; okay?❤
力の強いあなたたちと、\nおっぱいが大きいだけのわたしたちと、\nどっちが上なのかよくわかったでしょ？,Out of all you strong guys; and us who have big boobs; you know who is better; right?
男の子は筋肉ムキムキでも、\nおちんちんが弱いから、\nおっぱいにはかないませーん❤,Boys may be buff and muscular; but their dicks are weak; so against our boobs; they can't compete at all~❤
その証拠にカードマスターのあなたも、\nおっぱいひとつでモンスターにいいようにされて、\n逆にペットに堕ちちゃった❤,As proof of this. Even you; a card master; were pacified by a single monster with boobs; and became her pet~❤
これまでモンスターをあごで使ってきたんでしょ？\n立場がひっくり返っちゃったねー❤,Up until this point you've been the one ordering monsters around; right? Now the tables have turned.❤
おちんちんズリズリされてれば\nそれだけでいいんだもんね❤\n商人さんを守らなきゃとか、妹さん？を助けに行かなきゃとか、,Now; whenever your dick is being massaged by some big sexy boobs; you don't care what happens; huh? Protecting the merchant; saving your sister... All of those people you should be saving~
やりたいこともやらなきゃいけないことも、\nぜーんぶおっぱいに塗り替えられちゃったね❤\nくす❤くすくす❤,But now those things have been replaced by the urge to shoot your load between my boobs.❤ Kuhu~❤ Kuhuhu!❤
あう、あうううっ❤,Ahh; aooohhh~❤
ほらぁ、カードマスターとしての人生に、バイバイしちゃお？\nおっぱいにどぴゅどぴゅーって射精して、\n今日からキミはサキュバスのペットだよ❤,Hora; time to say "bye bye!" to your life as a card master; OK? From now on you're a succubus pet who ejaculates between boobies!❤
あっ、ああっ❤ご主人さまぁ❤,Ahh; ahhhh~❤ My M-Mistresss~❤
ほら、イケ、イケ❤人間やめろ❤\n射精して堕ちちゃえ❤\nスライムおっぱいに負けて、ぜーんぶ出しちゃえ❤びゅるるる～❤,Hora; cum; cum!❤ Your life as a human ends here~❤ Ejaculate and fall into bliss~❤ Submit to my slime boobs and shoot it all out~❤ Pew pew pewwww~❤
あっ、あぐっ❤❤あっ、ああっっ・・・❤,Ahh; aoouggh~❤❤ Ahh; ahhhhoohh...❤
うふふ❤死んじゃう一歩手前まで搾っちゃった。\nこの子、あんまりエナジーおいしいからつい食べ過ぎちゃう。,Ufufu~❤ I just managed to stop milking you before you passed out. Your energy is so delicious that I nearly ended up eating you right up!
あ、マスター。\nわたしねー、この子飼いたいんだけどいい？,Ah; Master! Can I um; keep this kid around?
え？邪魔になる？そんなこと言わないでよー、\nエナジーすっごくおいしいんだよー。,Eh? He'll just weigh us down? Don't say that! His energy tastes so good!
こうして主人公は、最初の戦闘でパイズリが得意な上級スライムに負け、気絶するまで精を搾られてしまった。,And so; the protagonist was defeated by an advanced level slime in his first battle; and was milked until exhaustion.
その後、彼女たちの隠れ家まで連れていかれた主人公は、すっかり快楽の虜となってしまい、逃げることも抵抗することもなく魔力を搾り取られ、良質なエナジータンクとして彼女たちに飼われることになった。,After that; the protagonist was taken to their hideout and became completely enthralled by pleasure. He was kept as a high-quality energy tank; milked of his magical power without resisting or trying to escape.
人間としての食事は行商人を襲って手にいれた果物などが与えられ、ときにはサキュバスの少女の命令にしたがって、行商人を襲う手伝いまでさせられた。,Being human; he was given food such as fruit they obtained from attacking merchants; and he even helped attach the merchants on occasion if the Succubus Girl ordered him to.
故郷の村を襲った憎いサキュバスの手先になって働く日々。ふと我に返り良心がズキズキと痛むこともあったが、そんな日も{自分}の与えるパイズリ快楽ですぐに何も考えられなくなった。,Every day; he worked as the pawn of the succubus who he hated that attacked his home village.\n\nThere were days where his sanity returned; but was quickly drowed by pleasure of the Busty Slime Girl's boobs and unable to think of anything else.
妹を探すはずだった冒険は、あっけなくスライムモンスターの手によってその幕を閉じた。その後、主人公の行方を知るものは誰もいなかったという・・・。,The adventure that was supposed to find her sister ended abruptly at the hands of a slime monster.\n\nNo one knew the whereabouts of the protagonist after that...