default
サキュバスメイド,Succubus Maid
EU1_MaidAPaizuri,
EU1_Maid_Cum,
乱数,
うふふ❤\n目にハートを浮かべて、すっかり魅了されてしまったようです。,Ehehe❤ Your eyes have turned into hearts❤ It seems like you have already fallen under a charm❤
追い打ちさせていただきますね。\nサキュバスのパイズリでもだえてくださいませ❤,Then; I'm going to take you down. Please writhe in the pleasures of my succubus boobjob❤
お客様、戦わなくていいんですか？\nうっとりした顔で、ポーっとしちゃって。,Sir; are you sure you don't wish to attack? You're spacing out with such an enraptured expression.
無抵抗なら楽に挟めます。\nほら甘いパイズリの快楽で、戦う力を根こそぎにしてあげますね❤,If you aren't going to resist; I can squeeze you with ease. Here you go❤ I'll make you lose all your fighting spirit with the sweet pleasure of my boobjob❤
おっぱいで挟んで戦う意志をとろけさせてあげます❤,I'll squeeze you with my breasts and melt your will to fight❤
まあ、既に魅了の魔力でメロメロみたいですけど❤くすくす❤,Oh my❤ It looks like you've already lost your mind to charm magic❤ Ehehe❤
お客様に最上のご奉仕を❤ \nほら、お胸で挟んでさしあげますね❤,Sir; please allow me to service you with all my effort❤ Here you go❤ I'll squeeze you between my breasts❤
わたしの胸でお客様にご奉仕させていただきます。,Sir; allow me to service you with my soft breasts.
やわらかい胸でしっかりと包み込んで、上下にすりすり…❤\n気持ちよさで腰を抜かさないで下さいね？,I'll tightly wrap you between them; and move up and down...❤ Please try not to fall down because of how good it feels❤
この胸で挟んでさしあげれば、\n男の方は立っていることすらできなくなります。,Every gentleman's knees end up buckling once I squeeze their penis with my breasts.
ペニスを挟んで、何度もむぎゅむぎゅ...❤\nふふ、どうぞ快楽の時間をお楽しみください。,I'll hold it between them; and squeeze it again and again...❤ Ehehe❤ Please go ahead and enjoy this world of pleasure.
わたしの胸でご奉仕してあげます,Allow me to service you with my breasts.
サキュバスのパイズリでもだえてくださいませ❤,Please writhe in the pleasures of my succubus boobjob❤
わたしの胸とてもやわらかそうでしょう？\nこれでお客様の大事なところ、挟んであげます。,My breasts look really soft; don't they? Allow me to squeeze your precious manhood between them.
甘い快楽でもみほぐされて、戦う力なんて残りませんわ。うふふ❤,It becomes impossible to hold onto your fighting spirit before my sweet and pleasureful massage❤ Ehehe❤
この気持ちよさの前なら、\nバトルなんてどっちだっていいですよね？くすくす❤,All this pleasure is making you forget about the battle; isn't it? Ehehe❤
お客様に最上のご奉仕を❤\nほら、お胸で挟んでさしあげますね❤,Sir; please allow me to service you with all my effort❤ Here you go❤ I'll squeeze you between my breasts❤
1,
どれだけ強いモンスターでも、サキュバスの快楽の前では無力ですわ❤,Even the strongest monsters become helpless before the pleasures of succubi❤
こうして手でしごいてあげれば・・・。\nくすくす❤腰が浮いてしまっていますね❤,Once I stroke your penis like this... Ehehe❤ Your hips shot forward from it❤
この胸で顔を挟ませていただきます。\nほら、ぱふぱふ・・・❤ぱふぱふ・・・❤,Please allow me to hold your face between my breasts❤ Here: Puff-puff❤ Puff-puff❤
とろけたお顔になっていますね。\n気持ちいいですか？お客様❤,Sir; your face is becoming sloppy❤ Does this feel good?
わたしの胸、けっこう大きいですよね？,My breasts are quite large; aren't they?
この胸でお顔を挟めば、あっという間に天国ですよ？\nほら・・・❤,If I were to push your face between them; it would instantly make you feel like you're in heaven. Allow me to show you...❤
あら？おっぱい好きなんですか？それなら…❤,Oh my? Do you have a liking for breasts? In that case...❤
あは、もう終わりですね❤,Aha❤ You're already finished❤
あら、意外と頑張るんですね。もっと楽しんでいってもいいんですよ？,Oh my. I didn't expect you to struggle free. It would have been fine to enjoy yourself a bit longer; you know?
どうせあとちょっとでイっちゃうんですから。\nくすくす・・・❤,I'm sure it would have taken only a little more before you reached the climax. Ehehe...❤
あん、せっかくなら射精するまで楽しめばいいのに・・・❤,Ah... It would have been fine to go all the way since you had this chance to enjoy my breasts...❤
このおっぱいであと数しごき・・・❤\nびゅーって出したら気持ちいいですよ？,You would have reached an orgasm with just a few strokes...❤ And it would have felt really good.
気持ちいいですか？逃げちゃダメですよ？,Does it feel good? But you should be quick to escape❤
おっぱいでたくさんしごかれて、射精しちゃいましょうね❤,Please reach the climax as I'm stroking your penis with my breasts❤
ほらほらほら❤,Take this, and that❤
抵抗はやめて、おっぱいに負けちゃいましょう？,Please cease your resistance and lose to my breasts❤
おちんちんをいじめられたら、すぐに負けちゃいますね❤,It will only take a moment before you lose when I'm stroking your penis❤
腰が震えてますね。気持ちいいの、隠せてません❤,Your hips are shaking. There's no hiding how good this is making you feel❤
早く逃げないと、わたしの勝ちになっちゃいますよ？いいんですか？,I'll win if you don't escape soon❤ Or do you not mind that?
わたし、これ、とっても得意なんです❤たっぷり楽しんでください❤,I'm really confident in my boobjobs❤ Please enjoy it to your heart's content❤
谷間の中に、びゅっびゅっーって出してください❤,Please shoot your load in my breasts❤
ライフポイントはまだまだたくさんあるでしょ？だから大丈夫❤,You have a lot of Life Points remaining; don't you? You should still be fine then❤
もしこのまま動かないでいてくれたら、デュエルのあともたっぷり甘やかしてあげます❤,If you stay still; I'll give you plenty of loving after the duel as well❤
ねえ、もういいでしょう？サレンダー、しちゃいましょ？,Hey; haven't you done enough already? Won't you surrender?
マスターのことなんて忘れて快楽に負けちゃいましょ？,Please forget all about your master and give into the pleasure❤
あなたが負けても別のモンスターが頑張ってくれますよ❤,Even if you lose; the other monsters will be fighting in your stead❤
おちんちんビクビクしてます❤\nもうすぐ出しちゃいそうなんですか？,Your penis is twitching❤ Are you about to reach an orgasm?
いいですよ。次のターン、わたしでオナニーしちゃっても❤\nそのびくびくしちゃっているおちんちん、気持ちよく解放しちゃいましょ？,It's fine to do so❤ You can even go ahead and masturbate to me on your next turn❤ Let's make sure your twitching penis reaches an amazing finish❤
あは❤あと一押しで射精しちゃいますね。,Aha❤ Just one more push; and you'll orgasm❤
もっといじめてほしければ、じっとしててくださいね❤\n気持ちよく逝かせてあげます❤,Please stay still if you wish me to keep going❤ I'll help you reach a happy end❤
ふふ、もう射精寸前。\nおっぱいの中でビクンビクン震えています❤,Ehehe. You're already at the edge of orgasm. Your penis is twitching between my breasts❤
おねだりして、わたしのおっぱいで気持ちよーく射精❤しちゃいませんか？,Won't you request me to push you over the edge? Request to reach an amazing orgasm in my breasts❤
あともう一押し、ですね❤,Just one more push❤
そのまま力を抜いて、おっぱいに負けちゃっていいですよ。\nお客様❤,Sir; please go ahead and relax❤ It's okay to lose yourself in my breasts❤
あら？少し挟まれただけで、イキそうなんですか？,Oh my. Are you already near orgasm after only a few squeezes?
次のターンは攻撃しないでじっとしててくださいね❤\n谷間の中で、気持ちよく果てさせてあげます❤,Please don't do anything on your next turn; and I'll grant you an amazing climax in my breasts❤
ううっ・・・。,Uuuh...
くすくす❤なぜご自分でしごかれているのですか？\nわたしに攻撃でもすればいいのに・・・❤,Ehehe❤ Sir; why did you suddenly start touching yourself? That was your chance to attack me...❤
そうやって自分を追い込んで、\nシコシコ❤シコシコ❤\nみっともないですね❤,But instead; you began cornering yourself by stroking your penis❤ That's pathetic❤
あら、馬鹿にされてむしろ興奮していますね？\nペニスがぴくぴく反応していらっしゃいます❤,Oh my❤ Does it make you feel excited when I make fun of you? Your penis twitched just now❤
どうぞ、見ていてあげますから、\n出すまでしっかりしごいてください。,Please go ahead and continue❤ I'll watch you do it; so stroke yourself all the way to an orgasm.
師匠の期待を裏切って、\n気持ちいい射精❤しちゃいましょ？,Betray your master's expectations of you; and bring yourself to an amazing climax❤
マスターを裏切って、\n気持ちいい射精❤しちゃいましょ？,Betray your master; and bring yourself to an amazing climax❤
あん、熱い精液がこんなにたくさん❤\n気持ちよかったですか？お客様❤,Ah❤ That's so much hot semen❤ Sir; it seems like you really enjoyed yourself❤
他の方もどうぞいらしてください。\n次はわたしのおっぱいをおかずにさせてあげますよ❤うふふ❤,Would anyone else like to masturbate to me as well? The next person gets to do it to my breasts❤ Ehehe❤
あらあら❤本当に来ましたね❤\nおっぱいを見せてくれるって聞いて、我慢できなかったんですか？,Oh my❤ We really have another one❤ Sir; could you not contain yourself when you heard that you could masturbate to my breasts?
戦わないといけないのに、\n敵モンスターの前でシコシコ❤シコシコ❤\n実にみっともないです❤,Even when you should be fighting a battle; you began touching yourself in front of your opponent's monster❤ It's truly pathetic❤
ほら、約束したおっぱいですよ❤お客様❤,Well then... As I promised; here are my breasts❤
え？生で見せてくれないのか、ですって？,Oh? Are you asking if I'm not going to show my bare breasts?
うふふ❤わたしはただ「おっぱいを見せてあげる」と言っただけですよ。\n間近で見せればそれで十分でしょう？,Ehehe❤ I only said that you could masturbate to my breasts❤ Just getting to see them from this close is really exciting; isn't it?
それにほら、こうやって揺らしてあげれば…❤,And wait for it... If I start shaking them in front of you like this...❤
くすくす❤とっても気持ちよくなっちゃうんですよね？,Ehehe❤ You can't help enjoying yourself; can you?
生おっぱいなんていりません。服越しの軽い揺れで十分です❤,There's no need for me to show you my bare breasts. Shaking them in my uniform is already more than adequate❤
ほら、雑魚の戦士さん❤\nおっぱいをたっぷり見ながら、気持ちいい射精しちゃいましょう？,Now then; you small fry fighter❤ Please closely stare at my breasts and stroke yourself to an amazing climax❤
あん、熱い精液がこんなにたくさん❤\nあなたもオナニーなんかで負けちゃいましたね。くすくす❤,Ah❤ That's so much hot semen❤ That makes you the second gentleman who masturbated himself to a loss❤ Ahaha❤
残りの方もどうぞいらしてください。\nわたしのおっぱい、近くで見せてあげますよ？,Would anyone else like to do the same? The next person gets to see my breasts from really close❤
あらあら❤本当に来ましたね❤\nおっぱいを見せてくれるって聞いて、\nあなたも我慢できなかったんですか？,Oh my❤ We really have another one❤ Sir; could you not contain yourself either when you heard that you could masturbate to my breasts?
直接見せてもらえるわけでもないのに、\n物好きですね、お客様❤,It's such a curious thing to do when I'm not even showing my bare breasts❤
ほら、どうぞ、\n前かがみで顔のすぐそばに近づけてさしあげます。\nご堪能くださいませ❤,Then; here you go❤ I'll lean forward so that my breasts are right in front of your eyes❤ Please enjoy this view to your heart's content❤
うふふふ❤明らかにしごく速度が上がりましたね。\nおっぱいで興奮しちゃいましたか？,Ehehehe❤ Your strokes are clearly getting faster❤ Is it that exciting to stare at my breasts?
いいんですよ、もうどうせこのバトルは負けです。\n何人も何人もオナニーで自爆しちゃって、勝てるわけがありません。,Stare at them all you want. This battle is already over; after all. You don't stand a chance after so many gentlemen committed suicide by masturbating to me❤
だから、ほら、たっぷり乳揺れ、楽しみましょうね❤,So; you can go ahead and fully enjoy the sight of my breasts❤ I'll even shake them for you❤
あは❤夢中でしごいちゃってかわいらしい❤,Aha❤ You started stroking yourself in a trance❤ How adorable❤
まともに戦えば少しぐらいは手傷を負わせられたでしょうに、\n敵にエナジーささげて回復までさせちゃって・・・。\n救いようがない人たちです❤,Surely; you would have been able to wound me if you had fought seriously; but instead you're offering your energy to heal me... All of you gentlemen have been hopeless❤
ほらほらほら❤\n見ててあげますから、そのまましごいて、びゅーって出してください❤\n変態さん❤,Now; please continue❤ I'm watching; so stroke yourself to an orgasm❤ You pervert❤
あん、熱い精液がこんなにたくさん❤,Ah❤ That's so much hot semen❤
自分から負けちゃう、敗北射精、\n気持ちよかったですか？\nくすくす❤,Did it feel good to bring yourself to a loss orgasm? Ahaha❤
あん、これ以上攻撃しないでください。\nやられてしまいます・・・。,Ah; please don't attack. I'm already down...
もし攻撃しないでくだされば、\nいいこと、してあげますよ？,I'll present you with a reward if you don't attack.
ううっ、いじわる,Uuh... Bully.
くす❤ありがとうございます。,Ehehe❤ Thank you very much.
それでは、お約束のご褒美です❤えい❤,Well then; this is the promised reward❤ Here you go❤
気持ちいいですか？\nお顔をおっぱいでたくさんかわいがっててあげますね❤,Does this feel good? I'll give you plenty of face caress with my breasts❤
こうやって押し付けながら、\n上下に動かして・・・❤,I'll press them down; and then move them up and down like this...❤
あうううっ…❤,Aaaah...❤
むにむに❤むにむに❤\nお顔をたっぷりマッサージしてあげます❤,There❤ There❤ I'll massage every corner of your face❤
心がとろけちゃうような快楽マッサージ。\nわたくしのご奉仕存分に楽しんでくださいね❤,It's a pleasure massage that melts your mind. Please enjoy my service to your heart's content❤
うふふ❤体がビクンビクンしてます。\nとても満足していただけているようです❤,Ehehe❤ Your body is trembling. It's looking like you're really liking this❤
直接おちんちんを触っているわけでもないのに、\n気持ちよすぎてイっちゃいそうなんですか？お客様。,Sir; is it feeling so good that you're about to reach an orgasm without anything touching your penis?
あっ、ああっ❤も、もうダメ❤こんなのっ…❤,Ah❤ Aah❤ I-I can't... It's too much...❤
なら、どうぞ。果ててください❤\nぎゅーってお顔を抱きしめてあげます❤,If that's the case; please go ahead and reach it❤ I'll hold your face really tightly❤
おっぱいに包まれながら気持ちいい最後を、迎えてくださいね❤\nほら、ぎゅー❤,Please reach an amazing finish in my breasts❤ Here you go: Squeeze❤
んふふ❤おいしい精液ありがとうございます。\nおかげで傷もすっかり直ってしまいました❤,Ehehe❤ Thank you for your delicious semen. It healed all my wounds❤
体中の力を抜いておっぱい射精❤\n気持ちよかったですか？お客様❤,Sir; did it feel good to orgasm in my breasts while all the strength left your body?❤
ううっ、思った以上にやりますね・・・。,Uuh... You're stronger than I anticipated...
おかげで服もボロボロ、このままでは負けてしまいます…。,I'm going to lose at this rate. Even my uniform got torn...
見てください。この服のところ。\n破けて乳首が見えちゃいそうですね。,Please look at these tears. My nipples are nearly showing because of them.
きゃあ、ううっ、おっぱいに興味ありませんでしたか。,Kyah! Uuuh... Do you have no interest in breasts?
ふふ❤吸い寄せられるみたいに見てますね。隙だらけです。,Ehehe❤ You're staring at my breasts so hard... And leaving yourself open❤
ほら、おっぱい揺らしながらそばまで行っちゃいますね。\n動いちゃだめですよ？,I'll shake them and come closer so that you can have better look. Please don't move from that spot❤
はい、捕まえた❤,Yes; I've caught you now❤
こうやって押し付けながら、上下に動かして・・・❤,I'll press them down; and then move them up and down like this...❤
むにむに❤ぱふぱふ❤\nお顔をたっぷりマッサージしてあげます❤,There❤ There❤ I'll massage every corner of your face❤
うふふ❤体がビクンビクンしてます。\nとっても満足していただけているようです❤,Ehehe❤ Your body is trembling. It's looking like you're really liking this❤
直接おちんちんを触っているわけでもないのに、\n気持ちよすぎてイっちゃいそうなんですか。お客様。,Sir; is it feeling so good that you're about to reach an orgasm without anything touching your penis?
おっぱいに包まれながら気持ちいい最後を、\n迎えてくださいね❤\nほら、ぎゅー❤,Please reach an amazing finish in my breasts❤ Here you go: Squeeze❤
んふふ❤おいしい精液ありがとうございます。\nおかげで傷もすっかり治ってしまいました❤,Ehehe❤ Thank you for your delicious semen. It healed all my wounds❤
試験のことを忘れながら、\n体中の力を抜いておっぱい射精❤\n気持ちよかったですか？お客様❤,Sir❤ Did it feel good to orgasm in my breasts and forget all about your master's test?❤
マスターのことを忘れながら、\n体中の力を抜いておっぱい射精❤\n気持ちよかったですか？お客様❤,Sir❤ Did it feel good to orgasm in my breasts and forget all about your cardmaster?❤
あら、わたくしのご奉仕をご所望なのですか？\nくすくす❤お師匠様に実力を見せる機会だというのに、\nそんなおねだりをしてしまうんですね❤,Oh my. Sir; are you requesting me to service you? Ehehe❤ I didn't expect you to ask such a thing when this is your chance to display your strength to your master❤
あら、わたくしのご奉仕をご所望なのですか？\nくすくす❤マスターの大事な試験の場だというのに、\nそんなおねだりをしてしまうんですね❤,Oh my. Sir; are you requesting me to service you? Ehehe❤ I didn't expect you to ask such a thing when your cardmaster is in the middle of his important test❤
お客様はどのような行為をお望みなのでしょうか。\n胸で挟んでほしいですか？それとも手でしごいてほしいですか？\nどうぞ、ご希望をお申しつけください❤,What kind of service are you looking for? Would you like me to squeeze you with my breasts? Or perhaps you would like me to stroke you with my hands? Please tell me however you would like it❤
メイドのパイズリ,Boobjob
メイドのぱふぱふ,Puff-Puff
メイドの手コキ,Handjob
くす❤この胸で気持ちよくなりたいのですね❤\nかしこまりました❤それでは淫魔のパイズリご奉仕を、\n存分にお楽しみください❤,Ehehe❤ So you would like to feel good with my breasts? Allow me to do as you wish❤ Please enjoy my succubus succubus boobjob to your heart's content❤
くす❤わたしの胸で顔を甘やかしてほしいのですか？\nかしこまりました❤それではわたしの柔らかいおっぱいで、\n存分にぱふぱふ❤とさせていただきますね❤,Ehehe❤ So you would like to me to press and rub my breasts on your face? Allow me to do as you wish❤ Please enjoy my soft breasts to your heart's content❤
ふふふ❤手で気持ちよくしてほしいのですか？\nかしこまりました❤それでは手袋でシコシコと扱かせていただきます❤\n存分にお楽しみくださいませ❤,Ehehe❤ So you would like to feel good with my hands? Allow me to do as you wish❤ Please enjoy my gloved handjob to your heart's content❤
うふふ❤わたくしのパイズリご奉仕ですぐに果ててしまいましたね❤\nサキュバスのおっぱいは柔らかかったですか？くすくす❤,Ehehe❤ You reached an orgasm in my boobjob service so quickly❤ My succubus breasts felt really soft; didn't they? Ehehe❤
くす❤最後にビクンっと跳ねて射精されてしまわれました❤\nメイドのおっぱいで息ができなくなるほどぱふぱふされるのは\n幸せでしたか？満足していただけたようです❤,Ehehe❤ You reached an orgasm with your hips shot forward❤ Was it such bliss to feel my breasts rub on your face so much that you ran out of breath? It seems to have left you really satisfied; at least❤
うふふ❤やはり殿方はしこしことさわられると、あまり耐えられませんね❤\n腰を突きだしながらこんなに勢いよく射精して、\n淫魔相手にそのような弱さではこの先大変ですよ❤,Ehehe❤ As expected; gentlemen won't last long when I take care of them with my hands❤ You'll have a difficult time facing succubi if this is enough to make your hips shoot forward and make you ejaculate with such force❤
うふふ。わたしのご奉仕はどうでしたか？\n気持ちよく敗北出来て、よかったですね。お客様❤,Ehehe❤ Sir; how did you like my service? It felt amazing to face defeat while going through pleasure; didn't it?
