default,
大剣使いの守護傭兵,Great Sword Guardian
EU18_PaizuriAnime,
EU18_PaizuriAnime2,
大きな剣を巧みに使う頼もしい女剣士。後衛を守るすべに長けていて、彼女への護衛の依頼はいつも絶えない。大きな胸が自慢であり、柔らかい胸を活かしたパイズリが得意。,A reliable swordswoman skilled at utilizing large blades. Because of her proficiency in defending the rear guard; she recieves many requests to act as an escort for young ladies. She is also proud of her large breasts; and is an expert at using their softness to give the best paizuri possible.
[1].相手ターン開始時に発動する。自分フィールド上のランダムなモンスター1体に、「戦闘ダメージ1割減」（1ターン）を付与する。\n,[1]. At the start of your opponent's turn; grant [90% Damage Reduction] to a random monster on your side of the field for 1 turn.
（[1].戦闘時に「おっぱいに弱い」を付与する。[2].このカードは「おっぱいに弱い」相手から受ける戦闘ダメージが半分になる。）,([1]. Applies [Titty Fetish] to foe after combat. \n[2]. If foe has [Titty Fetish]. Reduces damage by 50% during combat.)
さっきからわたしの大きな胸ばかり見ているな？気になるか？,Hey. You've been looking at my big breasts for awhile now. What's the big idea? You like them?
わたしは肉弾戦も得意だが、こういう夜の技も得意だ。ほら、胸で挟んで気持ちよくしてやろう。,While my specality is direct combat; I'm also good at nighttime arts such as this. Come on; let me slip your dick between my boobs and I'll make ya feel good.  
どうした？挟まれただけでもうイきそうなのか？たかが胸相手にその弱さ。女の胸がよっぽど好きなのだな。ククク❤,How's it feel? You're already about to cum just from having your dick between them; right? You're real weak for a woman's chest. You must really like boobs; huh? Kuhuhu.❤
戦う上では邪魔になるこの胸だが、パイズリの上手さを褒められることが存外多くてな。お前も挟んでやろうか？,My breasts get in the way of fighting; but my tittyfucking skills have been praised more often than I care to admit. Shall I use them on your dick; too?
ふふ、この話をすると男はすぐ期待した目をする。特にお前みたいな、女の胸に目がない男はイチコロだ。,Heh. Men immediately have this look of expectation in their eyes when I tell them this story. Especially men like you; who can't keep their eyes off a woman's tits.
ほら、いくぞ、思いっきり谷間で締め付けてやる。挟んですぐにもらすなよ？,Alright; here I go. I'm going to squeeze your dick hard between my tits now. Don't start leaking as soon as you're between them; OK?
お前、女の胸が好きだろう？さっきから視線でバレバレだ。,Hey; you. You really like girls boobs; don't you? It's so obvious from the way you've been looking at me.
ほら、こうやっておっぱいを手で揺らせば…。ふふ、戦いのことなんてどうでもよくなってしまうよな？,See? If I bounce my boobs with my hands like this... Haha! All your cares about the fight just fly away; don't they?
お前が見とれているおかげで、簡単に捕獲できた。さあ、イクまでじっとしていろ。たっぷりわたしの胸で気持ちよくしてやる。,Thanks to your ogling; catching you was a cinch. Now; stay still until you cum. I'm gonna make your dick feel plenty good with my breasts.
ふふ、この話をすると男はすぐ期待した目をする。ほら、いくぞ、挟んですぐにもらすなよ？,Heh. Men immediately have this look of expectation in their eyes when I tell them this story. Alright; here I go. Don't start leaking as soon as you're between them; OK?
お前の勃起しているソレを胸で挟んでやろう。ほら…。,I'm gonna grip your erect dick between my boobs now. Hora...
どうだ？締め付けが強いから、乳の感触がたまらないだろ？この状態で上下に激しく動かせばどうなるか。ふふ、せいぜい楽しむといい。,You like that? You can't stand the feeling of my tight; squishy tits; right? Wonder what would happen if I moved them up and down your dick like this. Heh. Hope you enjoy yourself.
くく、試験の最中だというのにお前は何を言っているんだ？\nわたしに気持ちよくしてくれと頼むなど、\n降参宣言も同義じゃないか❤,Tch. What are you saying? You're in the middle of an exam; aren't you? Asking me to make you feel good is basically saying you surrender; but worse...❤
マスターがその有様では、昇格など夢のまた夢❤\nお前のようなやつを上のランクにあげたら、\nサキュバスの餌食になるだけだからな❤,With a master like that; he's dreaming if he thinks he's getting promoted...❤ If a guy like that gets a higher rank; he'll just be succubus food.❤
ほら、お前がさっきから見ているわたしの胸を使って\nさっさと試合を終わらせてやろう❤\nせいぜい気持ちよく負けてしまえ❤軟弱者が❤,Come on. Since you've been staring at my tits for so long; I'll use them to end the match quickly. Give in and submit to my titty pleasures; weakling!❤
ほら、お前がさっきから見ているわたしの胸を使って\nさっさと終わらせてやろう❤\nせいぜい気持ちよく負けてしまえ❤軟弱者が❤,Come on. Since you've been staring at my tits for so long; I'll use them to finish you quickly. Give in and submit to my titty pleasures; weakling!❤
ふ、ベルトで締め付けながらのパイズリは気持ちよかったか？\n谷間の中でぎゅうぎゅう締められながらチンポを痙攣させて、\nずいぶん幸せそうな顔だな。ククク❤,Pah; did it feel good getting a titjob with my belt tightening my chest together? You look really happy with your dick twitching inside my tightly-packed cleavage. Hahaha!❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ahh... Aaahh...
ふふ、もう降参か？わたしの胸を見ながら夢中でしごき始めて、恥ずかしいやつだな。,Heheh. Surrendering already? You're a real embarassing guy; jerking off in some kind of trance while staring at my boobs.
なぜか知らないが男というやつは、この大きな脂肪の塊が気になって仕方がないようだ。,I don't know why; but it seems men are real into these huge lumps of fat.
ベルトでぎゅっと締めているこのおっぱい❤。こうやって谷間を締めているとパイズリをしたときの乳圧が強くなって、楽に男をイかせられるんだ。,These boobs of mine are tightly fastened together with a belt.❤ I've found guys cum pretty easily if I tighten my tits together to increase the amount of breast pressure during my tittyfucking.
オナニーなどせずにまともに戦っていれば、パイズリで果てることもできただろうに❤,If you had fought properly instead of masturbating; you could have probably finished feeling my tittyfucking techniques...❤
ほら、かわいそうなお前にパイズリのまねごとをしてやろう。胸を揺らすから好きなだけ見ろ❤変態❤,Here; I feel sorry for ya; so I'll give you a pretend titjob in the air. I'll bounce my boobs up and down and you can look at them as much as you want.❤ Perv.❤
ああっ、すごい、ゆさゆさ揺れてぇっ…。,Ahh; d-dammit... So big and bouncy...
ククク❤女の前でひざまずいて必死におっぱいを目で追っている。滑稽な姿だな。,Heheh.❤ Can't believe you're kneeling in front of a woman and helplessly following the movements of her tits with your eyes. What a funny view!
さあ、胸が揺れる早さに合わせてしごくといい。最初はおっぱいを味わせるようにゆっくり大きく動かしてやる…。,Now; stroke in time with the sway of my tits. I'll move them in big; slow motions so you can really appreciate them...
そしてある程度高まってきたら、次は胸をぎゅっと押しつぶして細かく早く…❤,And then when your dick starts to pulse; the next step is to squish my boobs together; and then; in one quick movement...❤
あひぃっ…❤,Ahiaah...❤
もう出るのか？そうか、それならさっさと果てろ。,Coming already? I see. Then go on and finish.
わたしにエナジーを差し出せ。空想のパイズリで谷間に無駄打ちしてしまえ、この変態❤,Offer up your mana to me. Uselessly shoot into my cleavage during your imaginary tittyfuck. You pervert.❤
ふふっ、たくさん出したな。エナジーがたっぷり溶けていてなかなかに美味だ。,Haha. You sure shot out a lot. Your dissolved mana tastes pretty delicious.
今回もまたオナニーで自爆か。試験に合格したくて来ているのか、わたしの胸に負けたくて来ているのか、分からんなこれでは。ククク❤,Are you masturbating again? I can't tell if you're here to pass the exam; or if you just want to be defeated by my breasts. Kuhuhu~❤
試験のことなど忘れて自分から谷間に射精。胸に弱いお前には昇格は厳しいかもしれんな。ククク❤,Forget about the exam; and shoot your sperm onto my cleavage. You're gonna have a rough time getting promoted if you're weak to boobs like this. Kuhuhu.❤
仲間を見捨てての裏切りオナニー。どうだ満足したか？そのとろけ顔を見る限り、聞くまでもなさそうだな。ククク❤,Betraying and abandoning your friends through masturbation... Is that what satisfies you? From the look on your face; I guess I don't even have to ask. Kuhuhu.❤
ふふ、どうしたお前も降参か？わたしの胸を見ながら夢中でしごき始めるやつらばかりじゃないか。恥さらしめ。,Pft. What? Are you surrendering; too? All of you are just pathetic titty-addicted idiots who can't stop jerking it.
ククク、バカにされているのに視線はおっぱいに釘付けとは。なぜか知らないが男というやつは、この大きな脂肪の塊が気になって仕方がないらしいな。,Kuhuhu. Even though I'm making fun of you; your eyes are still glued to my tits. I have no idea what it is men love so much about these large sacks of fat.
ベルトでぎゅっと締めているこの巨乳❤こうやって谷間を締めているとパイズリをしたときの乳圧が強くなって、楽に男をイかせられるんだ。,These huge boobs of mine are tightly fastened together with a belt.❤ I've found guys cum pretty easily if I tighten my tits together to increase the amount of breast pressure during my tittyfucking.
そしてある程度高まってきたら、次は一気に絶頂に持っていくように、胸をむぎゅっと押しつぶして細かく早く…❤,And then when your dick starts to pulse; the next step is to crush my boobs together suddenly; and then; in one quick movement...❤
もう出るのか？揃いそろって早漏だな。ほら、それならさっさと果てろ。,Coming already? Man; all of you are real quickshots. Alright; go on and finish.
今回もまたオナニーで自爆か。試験に合格したくて来ているのか、わたしの胸に負けたくて来ているのか、これでは分からんな。変態め❤,Are you masturbating again? I can't tell if you're here to pass the exam; or if you just want to be defeated by my breasts. Pervert~❤
モンスターに続いてマスターまで自滅するとは。試験のことなどおっぱいで忘れてしまったか？胸に弱いお前には昇格は厳しいかもしれんな。ククク❤,Monsters are one thing; but now the cardmaster himself is jerking off to me? Have my boobs caused you to forget about the exam? You might have a rough time getting promoted if you're this weak to boobs. Kuhuhu.❤
仲間を見捨てての裏切りオナニー。他の連中も自分で自分をなぐさめるか？オカズぐらいなら提供してやるぞ❤ククク❤,Betraying and abandoning your friends through masturbation... Do the others also console themselves like this? Let me give you something to fap to~ Kuhuhu.❤
くっ…。なかなか、やるじゃないか。このままじゃ負けてしまうな…。,Damn... You're pretty good. I'm gonna lose if I don't do something...
だが、お前はそれでいいのか？元気よく勃起したソレは、そのままになってしまうぞ？,But; are you really OK with this? Your dick is rock hard. Do you really wanna leave it like that?
わたしとしては、勃起したままお預けなんてことはせずに、気持ちよくイかせてやりたいんだがな。,I'm the kind of girl that would rather make someone cum nicely than leaving them with a erection.
例えば、この胸の間にソレを挟んで、何度も上下に揺さぶったり…❤,For example; I would put their dick between my breasts; and bouncing it up and down over and over...❤
望むなら思いっきり挟み込んで乳圧も味合わせてやる。この谷間で扱かれるのは最高に気持ちいいぞ❤,If you want; I can squeeze your dick as hard as I can and let you experience the pressure of my breasts; too. It feels so good to be massaged between my tits~❤
ふふ、チンポを跳ねさせているじゃないか。もう答えは決まっているみたいだな。ククク❤,Heh. Your dick is nodding up and down; isn't it? Looks like you already have your answer. Kuhuhu.❤
くっ、意志が固いな。無念…。,Damn; you're strong willed. I can't believe it...
それでいい。男は欲望に素直じゃないとな。,It's OK. A man must be honest with his desires; after all.
さあ、そこに横になれ。優しく挟みこんでやる。,Now; sit over there. I'll gently slip your dick between my breasts.
はひぃっ…❤,Aghhh...❤
どうだ？ベルトで締め付けているから手を使わなくても中々の乳圧だろう？,Well? Because of the tightness of my belt; the pressure is pretty significant; even if I don't use my hands; right?
手でぐりぐりとおっぱいを押し付けてやれば、たいていの男は泣いて喜ぶ。だが、ここは体だけ使ってイかせてやることにしよう❤ほらっ、体を上下に揺さぶれば…❤,Most men cry tears of joy if I rub my boobs against their hands; but now I'm gonna use them to make you cum. Look; if I rock your body up and down...❤
はああっ、きもちいいっ…❤,Haahh; f-feels so good...❤
ふふ、ゆさゆさと跳ねるおっぱいの波、気持ちいいだろう？快楽で脳がとろけるというのはこういう感覚を言うのだ。,Heh. The waves of my breasts bouncing... swaying... it feels good; right? This is what they call having your mind melted with pleasure.
わたしを追い詰めるほどの実力があっても、乳を使われれば男はどうにもならない。目先の欲に負けて大事な試験の場であっても、勝負を投げ捨ててしまう。,Even if a man is good enough to corner me; he can't help himself once I start using my tits on him. He'll immediately give in to his own urges; and throw away the match; even if it's an important exam.
くすくす❤実に滑稽だな。ほら、ほら…❤パイズリの気持ちよさに酔いながら、さっさとイってしまえ❤,*Giggle*❤ It's pretty funny if you think about it. Come on; there you go...❤ Go ahead and cum while my tits have you in a trance~❤
あっ、ああっ…❤もうだめっ…❤,Ahh; ahhh...❤ N-No more...❤
耐える必要などない。最後はひときわ大きく体を揺さぶってやる。ほら、イケ❤,There's no need to resist. I'll rock my body even more at the very end. Go on; cum~❤
ふふ、すごい量の精液だ。谷間の中から溢れてきている…❤,Fufu. That's a large amount of semen. It's dripping out of my cleavage...❤
どれだけ出すんだこのおっぱいマゾめ。よほど気持ちよかったようだな。ククク❤,You really put out this much? What a titty masocist. You must have felt really good. Kuhuhu.❤
ぐぬぬ…。このままではまずいな。,Oh no... This isn't good.
かくなるうえは、えいっ…！,If it's come to this... Hah!
ふふ、お前の頭を捕まえたぞ。このまま胸の谷間に押し付けて、天国に送ってやる。,Heh. Caught your face. Now I'm gonna keep your face pressed against my cleavage and send you to heaven.
もがくなよ。谷間の中は最高に気持ちいいぞ？,Don't even think of struggling. My cleavage feels better than anything you've ever felt before; right?
彼女を振った,Shake her off.
無抵抗になってしまった,Her boobs do feel really nice...
くっ、ダメか。あと一押しだったのに…。,Tch. No good... I just needed one more push...
ククク。快楽を目の前にして逃げられないようだな。理性が弱いやつだ。,Kuhuhu. It seems you can't run away from the promise of pleasure. What a weak-willed man.
さあ、天国を味わえ。愚か者め❤,Now; experience heaven; you fool.❤
あふぅっ…❤,Ammph...❤
ぱふぱふ、ぱふぱふ…❤谷間の感触はどうだ？両側から柔らかいものに顔面を押しつぶされて、なかなかに極楽だろう？,Puff-Puff... Puff-Puff...❤ How do my boobs feel? Does it feel nice to have your face squeezed from both sides between my soft globes? It's like fluffy; bouncy paradise; right?
お前が味方を裏切ってまで堪能したかったおっぱいだ。たっぷりと楽しんでいいんだぞ。,These are the tits you wanted to enjoy after betraying your allies; so enjoy them as much as you want.
はうっ、さいこうぅっ…❤,Haah... W-why does it feel so nice? I've never... mmph...!❤
ククク、仲間を捨てておっぱいに挟まるのが最高とはな。とんだ最低野郎だよ、お前は。,Kuhuhu. Feels nice betraying your allies and getting caught between someone's boobs; right? I can't believe you. You're the worst.
ほらほら、最低なお前の脳みそをわたしのおっぱいでもっとダメにしてやろう。ぱふぱふ、ぱふぱふ❤,Come on then. I'll melt your mind even more with my breasts. Puff-Puff. Puff-Puff.❤
どうした？触られてもいないのに、もしかして射精してしまうのか？,What happened? Did you spurt in your pants; even though I never touched you?
ククク、いくら限界近く興奮していたとはいえ、ずいぶん情けない最後だな。,Kuhuhu. Even though you were teetering on the edge of bliss; you still met a pathetic end.
少しは耐えろ？ぱふぱふなんかで射精してはみっともないぞ。ほら、ぱふぱふ❤ぱふぱふ❤,Couldn't you hold on a little longer? It's not very gentlemanly to ejaculate from having your face rubbed between someone's soft boobs. Come on. Puff-Puff~❤ Puff-Puff~❤
はぅううっ…❤でるっ…❤,Haaough...❤ I'm cumming...❤
あはは、本当に顔を挟まれただけで射精したぞ。こんなにドロドロ出して、よほど気持ちよかったらしい❤,Ahaha! You really just ejaculated from having your face between my boobs. After spurting out this much spunk; you must have felt really good.
最高のとろけ顔だな。もっと乳の間に挟まっていたかったか？残念、もう戦えないお前にはぱふぱふも終わりだ。,I've never seen someone so drunk with pleasure before. Would you have wanted to be stuck between my tits for longer? Well that's too bad; you can't fight anymore; so Puff-Puff time is over.
実力が上でも快楽に勝てなければ結局は意味がない。骨抜きにされてよくわかっただろう？ククク❤,No matter how strong you are; if you can't overcome pleasure; it's all meaningless. After feeling how weak I've made you; you understand; right? Kuhuhu.❤
気持ちよかったか？何度でも挑んでくるといい。オナニーで負けてしまうような男に、負ける気はしないがな。,Did you feel good? You can challenge me as many times as you like. I'd never be defeated by a man who loses through masturbation.
まったくお前の出した精液で、谷間がべとべとだ。ベルトで締め付けながらのパイズリ、たまらなかったようだな。ククク❤,My cleavage is totally dripped with your spunk. I guess you couldn't resist it when I tightened my belt while you were cumming. Kuhuhu.❤
あと一歩で勝てたというのに。最後に誘惑されてぱふぱふなんかでとどめを刺されるとは。滑稽な終わり方だな❤ククク❤,Victory was just within your grasp; but in the end you were tempted and lost from my Puff-Puff. What a miserable way to end the battle.❤ Kuhuhu.❤
昇格試験を受け、試験官が使う女性モンスターに敗れた僕は、体を動かせなくなり床に膝をついていた。,After taking the promotion test and being defeated by a female monster used by the examiner; I was left kneeling on the floor and unable to move my body.
ふむ。この程度か。,Hmm. This sounds about right
初めての試験だというのに自らオナニーをして負けるとは。ふふ、恥ずかしいやつだな。,Even though this is your first examination... To lose on your own occord by jerking off... Heh. you're quite the embarassing guy.
顔を胸に押しつぶされて、気持ちよかったか？試験を不合格にしてまで味わいたかったぱふぱふだ。最高だっただろう？,Did it feel good to have your face crushed between my boobs? That's the breast service you wanted to feel until you failed the exam; right? Was it the greatest thing you've ever felt?
胸で挟んでこすってやれば、すぐに射精する。所詮は新人マスター、まだまだ修行が足りないようだな。ククク❤,When I was rubbing your length between my boobs you came right away. I guess you're just a rookie master who hasn't had enough training yet. Kuhuhu.❤
さて、このあとは軽く搾らせてもらおうか。再挑戦に支障が出ない程度にしてやる。,Now; from this point forwards I think I'll give your dick a light milking. Just enough that it won't burden you the the next time you attempt the exam.
エナジーを吸われて喜んでいるようでは上のランクには到底行けぬが…、まあせいぜい楽しむといい❤,Those who enjoy having their mana drained will never be able to make it to the higher ranks... But hey; at least you'll be able to enjoy yourself.❤
はううっ…❤,Haaoogh...❤
どうだ？軽く揺らしているだけなのに、ベルトのおかげか中々に気持ちいいだろう？,Well? It's just a gentle movement; but the belt really adds to the pressure; and it feels good; right?
乳圧だけを使ったノーハンドパイズリ。こんな行為でエナジーを吐き出すのだから男とは面白い生き物だ。,Without requiring the use of my hands; I can give you a titjob by using only the pressure of my breasts. Men are interesting creatures; because even acts such as this will cause them to spill their loads.
お前もそうだ。すっかりとろけ顔をさらしている。ククク❤どれだけ我慢できるかな？,And you're no different; right? You've totally got a dopy; trance-filled expression plastered on your face. I wonder how long you'll be able to endure this for.
あうっ、うっ…❤,Ahh... Aooh...❤
少しは耐えろよ？胸の中でこすられるぐらい、どうということはあるまい。,Have a little endurance; will you? You shouldn't think about how good it feels; even if my boobs are bouncing around your cock like this.
別に我慢などしなくてもいいが、あまりすぐに出すようでは、早漏すぎてみっともないというものだ。,There's no need for you to fight it any longer; but it would be a little embarassing if your cock were to start spilling it's load so soon.
ん、亀頭が膨れてきている。玉袋もきゅっと上がってきているな。この感じもしかして…。,...Mm. The tip is starting to twitch; and your balls are starting to swell as well. This feeling...
ククク、なんだもうイきそうなのか？,Kuhuhu. What? Are you gonna cum already?
なら、さっさとイクといい。体の動きを早くしてやろう。まったくこらえ性の無い男め。,Well; cum quickly then. Make your body hurry up already. I guess you really do have no endurance at all.
あひぃっ、あっ、ダメっ…❤もう出るっ…❤,Ahieee... Ahh.. N-No don-❤ I'm gonna...❤
はううぅ…❤,Haahh...❤
谷間がお前の出した精液でドロドロだ。元気がいいのはいいが、2回目なのに出しすぎじゃないのか？ククク❤,My cleavage has become so messy with your spunk. It's good that you're energetic; but aren't you cumming a little too much for your second time? Kuhuhu.❤
さっき戦闘中にイったばかりなのに、すぐに勃起し、すぐに射精❤よほど女の胸に弱いらしいな。,You had only just cum during our fight; but then you got another erection already and ejaculated again!❤ I guess you really do have a big weakness for a woman's tits.
まあいい。これで終わりだ。あまり搾り取ると今後に差しつかえる。,Oh well. I guess that's it. If I milk you too much; it could cause problems for you in the future.
せいぜい修行に励んで、Eランクぐらいにはなってみせろ。次の挑戦を楽しみにしているぞ。,Work hard at your training and try to at least get E-Rank. I look forward to our next match!
こうして僕は、しばらく休ませてもらってから、試験会場を後にしたのだった。,After that; I was allowed to rest for a bit before leaving the examination hall. 
