default,
モス,Moth Girl
蛾の姿をしたモンスター娘。一日中寝ていることが多く、たまに起きては果物などを食べて暮らしている。全身がふかふかとしており、触るととても気持ちいい。相手を麻痺させる粉は本来外敵から身を守るためのものだが、この子は男の動きをとめて精を搾る時にも使用している。,A monster girl in the form of a moth. Often spending her days sleeping; she occasionally wakes up to eat fruits and other types of her food. Her entire body is soft and fluffy; and is very pleasant to touch. Her powder that paralyses her foes was originally to protect her from outside forces; but now she uses it to stop the movement of human males so she can milk their sperm.
[1].このカードが場に出たとき相手モンスター1体を選択して発動する。そのモンスターに「麻痺」を付与する。,[1]. When this card enteres the field; select 1 of your opponent's monsters and inflict it with [Paralysis].
わたしの鱗粉でしびれさせちゃうよ。えいやー。,Become paralyzed by my moth scales! Eei!
あれ、どうしたの？顔が赤くなってるよ？,Oh? What's wrong? Your face has turned red!
あー、前にわたしに負けたこと、思い出しちゃったんだ。それじゃあ、もう戦うのは無理かな？くすくす❤,Ah- You remembered the last time I lost to you. So then; wouldn't that make it impossible for you to continue fighting? *Giggle*❤
あんまりおっぱい大きくないけど、パイズリで気持ちよくしてあげるね。,My boobs aren't that big; but I'll still make your dick feel good between them; OK?
んっしょ、んっしょ...❤えへへ、おちんちん挟まれて気持ちいい？そのまま力抜いちゃっていいよ。,Mm Mmm; just like that~❤ Ehehe~ Does it feel good when your dick is being sandwiched between my tits? You can go ahead and relax. It's okay~.
おっぱいでおちんちんを挟んでっと…。うん、パイズリしてあげる❤,Let me put your dick between my tits and... Yes; I can start massaging it now.❤
服の上からても、けっこうおっぱいの柔らかさ伝わるでしょ？おちんちんにたくさん擦りつけてあげるね。,Even from over my clothing; you can really feel the softness of my breasts; right? I'll rub your dick against them lots.
我慢できなくなったら、服の上にたくさんかけていいからね。えへへ、出して❤出して❤,If you cant stand it anymore then you can just let it all out over my clothes. Ehehe. Come on; let it out.❤ Let it out.❤
おっぱいでおちんちん挟んであげるね。よいしょっと。,I'll put your penis between my boobs; OK? And... there.
どうかな？わたしの胸あんまり大きくないけど、ちゃんとズリズリできてるかな？んふふ、その顔、けっこう気持ちいいみたいだね❤,How is it? My boobs aren't that big; but maybe I can still rub your dick between them properly? Ufufu. Judging by the look on your face; your dick is feeling pretty good.❤
戦うのは終わりにして、そのままとろけてていいよ。胸の間にいっぱい精液出してね。,You can stop fighting and let your mind melt away. Shoot your load into my cleavage; OK?
おちんちん、手でしごいて気持ちよくしてあげる。,I'll stroke your dick with my hands and make it feel good.
こうやってぎゅってにぎって、前後に動かすんだよ。よいしょ、よいしょっ、と…❤,I'll grasp my hand aroud your dick like this; and move it back and forth. Like this... and this... yeah...❤
んふ、おちんちん捕まえた。手で作った筒でしこしこしてあげるね❤,Mm; caught your dick. I'll wrap my hand around the shaft of your dick and stroke it good; okay?❤
さきっぽから根元までゆっくり、しーこしこ❤しーこしこ❤,Slowly stroking from the base to the tip~ Up and down~❤ Up and down~❤
敵の女の子におちんちん捕まえられちゃったね。ほら、しこしこー❤,Looks like your penis got caught by a female foe. Hora~ Time to stroke it good~❤
あは、手を動かすたびに体がビクビク反応しちゃってる。,Aha! Your body twitches in reaction to every movement of my hand.
わたしみたいな弱いモンスターにおちんちんいじめられて気持ちよくなっちゃうんだー。しこしこ❤しこしこ❤,I guess it ends up feeling really good when your dick is teased by a weak monster like me. Stroke stroke.❤ Stroke stroke.❤
わたし、ふともものふかふかしているところからね、\nいけない粉が出ているの。\n触ると体がびりびりして動けなくなっちゃうやつ。,You know; the soft parts of my thighs are permeated with a bad kind of pollen. If you touch it your body will get all tingly and be unable to move.
でもね、それをおちんちんにつけると、とっても気持ちいいんだって。\nおちんちんが敏感になってそのうえずーっとびりびり快楽が走っちゃうのかな？,But you know; when my pollen coats a man's dick; it feels really good. Their dicks would go all tingly and sensitive; as if it was being pleasured all the time.
一回試してみたいよね？ほら、ほら、ふとももにおちんちん入れていいよ❤,You wanna try it at least once right? Come on~ Go on~ You can put your cock between my thighs.
んふ、おちんちんふとももで捕まえちゃった。このままたくさん腰を動かしてあげるね。,Ufu. Caught your dick between my thighs. Now I'll move my hips a lot like this; OK?
ふともものお肉でたくさん気持ちよくなって？ほらほらー❤,Come on; don't you want to feel good with my soft meaty thighs? Hora hora~❤
ふとももでおちんちん挟んであげるね。ほら、むぎゅー❤,I'll sandwitch you dick between my thighs; ok? Hora; squeeze~❤
あは、挟んだとたんに腰がひくひくしちゃってる。でも、そこはおまんこじゃないんだよ。,Aha... your hips started twitching the moment I inserted your dick between them. You know it's not my pussy; right?
おちんちん気持ちよくて止まらない？ふとももの間で無駄うち射精しちゃうかな？,Is your dick unable to stop itself from feeling good? I wonder if your dick will end up uselessly shooting it's load between my thighs...?
くすくす❤わたしみたいな弱いモンスターに、\n気持ちよくしてくださいっておねだりしちゃうんだ❤\n鱗粉でおちんちんぴりぴりして、我慢できなくなっちゃった？,*Giggle*❤ So you went and started begging a weak monster like me to make you feel good~❤ Did my scales make your dick all tingley and unable to resist?
くすくす❤わたしみたいな弱いモンスターに、\n気持ちよくしてくださいっておねだりしちゃうんだ❤,*Giggle*❤ So you went and started begging a weak monster like me to make you feel good~❤
ねえ、どんなことしてほしいの？\nせっかく降参してくれたんだもん。\nわたしにできそうなことならしてあげるよ❤,Well then; what do you want me to do? Since you've gone through the trouble of surrendering to me; I'll do anything that I can for you!❤
優しいふわふわ手コキ,Gentle Fluffy Handjob
ふんわり控えめパイズリ,Soft Modest Paizuri
抱き着きふとももコキ,Cuddly Thighjob
なんでも,You decide
手で気持ちよくなりたいの？\nわかった、それじゃいっぱいシコシコしてあげるね❤,So you want my hand to make you feel good? I understand. In that case; I'd better stroke your dick lots; right?❤
え？わたしのおっぱいで挟んでほしいの？\nんー、そこまで大きくないけど、わかったやってあげるね❤,Eh? So you want your dick between my tits? Mm- They aren't very big; but I'll do what I think you want me to do!❤
ぎゅってハグしながらふとももに挟んでほしいの？\nそんなことしたら鱗粉で麻痺がひどくなっちゃうかもしれないけど\nしてほしいんだもんね❤んふふ、いいよ、やってあげる❤,So you want me to put your dick between my thighs while I embrace you tightly? My moth scales might paralyze you if I did that; but I guess can if you want me to.❤ Ufufu. Alright; I'll do it.❤
きゃ❤どぴゅって勢いよく飛んできた❤\nあんまりシコシコ耐えられなかったね❤\nわたしの手、そんなに気持ちよかった？,Kyah!❤ It just shot out in one big spurt!❤ I guess you couldn't endure me stroking you.❤ Did my hand feel that good?
わっ、おっぱいの間でびゅくびゅく脈打ってる❤\nちゃんと挟んで気持ちよくできてよかった❤,Uah; your dick is pumping out it's semen between my boobs.❤ I'm glad I was able to make your dick feel good between them.❤
んふ、びくびくって体が動いてるけど、出しちゃったのかな？\nふともものところに熱いのがかかった感触がする❤\n出し切れるようにぎゅって脚を閉じてあげるね❤,Ufu. You were twitching your body; but did you let out your semen? I can feel something hot flooding my thighs.❤ I'll squeeze my legs together and do my best to get all the remaining semen out of your dick.❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ahh; aooh...
体がしびれているのに、頑張ってシコシコしてるの？ふふ、そんなにおちんちん、我慢できなかったんだ❤,Aw; even though your body has become numb; you're doing your best to jerk yourself off?Fufu; there's no way you can resist with such a weak willed dick like that.❤
わたしみたいな雑魚モンスター相手に興奮しちゃうなんて、みっともないんじゃないかな。くすくす❤,It's a little pathetic that you can get aroused by such a small fry monster like me; don't you think? *Giggle*❤
あううっ…。気持ちいいぃ…。,Aooogh.... It feels so good...
お目目がとろーんとしてきてるね。オナニーしてるうちに、わたしの鱗粉がおちんちんにもいっぱい付いちゃったみたい。,Ooh; your eyes are looking a little glazed over; huh? It seems like my pollen got all over your dick while you were masturbating.
吸い込むと体がしびれちゃう粉だけど、体につくと、その箇所がずーっとピリピリして、敏感になっちゃうんだよ。,My pollen normally paralyzes people when they inhale it; but if it gets on someone; it makes the body part it landed on all tingly and sensitive.
おちんちんもいつもよりとっても気持ちいいでしょ？こんなに気持ちいいとシコシコ止まらなくなっちゃうね❤,Your dick feels way better than it normal; right? It feels so good that you can't stop stroking~❤
あっ、だめっ…。もう出るっ…❤,Ahh; oh no... I'm already gonna...❤
くすくす。全然我慢できないじゃん。はやーい❤,*Giggle* You can't hold it in at all! What a quickshot~❤
いいよ。ほらわたしの体にかけて？君のエナジー吸収してあげる。,It's OK. Look; let it all out over my body; and I'll absorb your mana.
きゃっ、すっごいたくさん出た❤,Kyah! You're shooting out so much!❤
麻痺した手であんまり早くシコシコできてなかったはずなのに、すごい量だね❤わたしの前でのオナニーそんなによかったのかな？くすくす♪,I wasn't sure if you would be able to stroke your dick that quickly with your paralyzed hands; but that was a large amount.❤ Did you enjoy masturbating to me? *Giggle*♪
自分からおちんちんシコシコして負けちゃうんだ。くすくす❤,Looks like you stroked your dick a little too much and lost. *Giggle*❤
上級モンスターなのにわたしみたいな弱いモンスターに夢中になるなんて、恥ずかしくないの？,Aren't you embarassed that an advanced monster like yourself has become obsessed with a weak monster like me?
この間も、わたしでオナニーして負けちゃったよね？すっかりオナニー中毒だね。,The other day; you masturbated to me as well and lost as well; didn't you? You're totally addicted to masturbation; huh.
わたしの手でされるのを想像してシコシコしているのかな？それなら、ほら…。,Or maybe you're stroking while imagining it's my hands jerking you off instead? In that case; hora...
手で筒を作ってあげるから、この中に出していいよ？,I'll make a loop with my hand; and you can put it through here; OK?
もしおちんちんをこの中に入れてたら、手でぎゅって握られて、そのまま前後にしこしこしこ…❤きっと気持ちよかっただろうね。,If you had pur your penis in herel I would have held it real tight; and then like that stroked it up and down...❤ I bet it would have felt amazing.
でもあなたは、シコシコされる前に我慢できなくなっちゃって、自分の手でシコシコし始めちゃったの。感じられるのは自分の手の感触だけなんて、もったいないね。くすくす❤,But you couldn't wait until I started stroking you huh? You ended up jerking your cock yourself. All that effort only to enjoy the feeling of your own hand. What a waste~ *Giggle*❤
くぅうっ・・・❤,Ooogh...❤
今度バトルするときは、シコシコしてもらえるまで我慢してようね。ほら、もうそろそろイっちゃうんでしょ？出していいよ。,Try to hold on until I can jerk you off myself during our next battle; OK? Now; you're about to cum aren't you? It's OK. Go on; let it out.
きゃっ、すっごいたくさん出た❤手の平がべとべとだよ。,Kyah! So much came out!❤ The palm of my hand got all sticky.
ふふ、これでバトルも終わりだね。オナニーするの完全に好きになっちゃったんでしょ？次もまたわたしで負けていいよ、マスターさん❤,Fufu. Looks like the battle is over.❤ You've completely falled in love with masturbating; haven't you? Feel free to lose again to me next time Cardmaster!❤
ふふ、これでバトルも終わりだね。こんな負け方でほんとによかったの？あんまりオナニーばっかりで負けちゃうとへんな癖ついちゃうよ、マスターさん❤,Fufu. Looks like the battle is over.❤ Are you happy you lost in this way? If you keep stroking your dicks and losing you might create some bad habits; Cardmaster~❤
エナジーのおかげで体力も全回復。マスターを裏切ったオナニー気持ちよかったかな？くすくす❤,Thanks to all this mana you've given me; I can heal up fully. I wonder if it felt good masturbating and betraying your master? *Giggle*❤
あなたたちみんなオナニーばっかりだね。わたしみたいな雑魚モンスター相手に興奮しちゃうなんて、みっともないんじゃないかな。くすくす❤,Masturbating is all you guys do; huh? Don't you think it's a little pathetic to get all aroused by a weak enemy monster like me? *Giggle*❤
お目目がとろーんとしてきてる。シコシコしてるうちに、わたしの毒粉がおちんちんにもいっぱい付いちゃったのかな？,"Your eyes are glazing over. Maybe some of my special tingly powder got all over your penis while you were stroking?  "
だから、おちんちんもいつもよりとっても気持ちいいでしょ？こんなに気持ちいいとシコシコ止まらなくなっちゃうね❤,That would explain why your dick feels better than normal; right? There's no way you can stop stroking your dick when it's feeling this good; huh~❤
あなたも自分からおちんちんシコシコして負けちゃうんだ。くすくす❤,So you started stroking your dick like the others and ended up losing as well. *Giggle*❤
頑張って我慢してれば、わたしの手でシコシコしてもらえたのに、もったいない。ほら…。,And to think if you had just held on a little longer; I would have stroked your dick myself. What a waste. Oh well...
あなたにも手で筒を作って見せてあげる。,Look; I'll show you how to properly grip your dick; just like I did with the others.
でもあなたは、放っておいても自分から負けちゃっうみたいだから、わざわざシコシコしてあげない。残念だったね。くすくす❤,But it seems you'll just end up losing on your own if I leave you alone; so I won't bother jerking you off myself. What a shame; huh? *Giggle*❤
あううっ・・・。,Oogh...
笑われて興奮してるね。いいよ。そのまま恥ずかしい自爆お漏らししちゃおうね。ほら、びゅー・・・❤,Being teased really turns you on; huh? That's okay~ Go ahead and wet yourself. Hora; pewww~ Pewww~❤
エナジーのおかげで体力がまた全回復。マスターを裏切ったオナニー気持ちよかったかな？くすくす❤,Thanks to all this mana you've given me; I can heal up fully. I wonder if it felt good masturbating and betraying your master? *Giggle*❤
あうっ…。このままじゃ負けちゃう…。,Oogh... At this rate I'll lose...
こうなれば、えいっ！,If it's come to this then... Eei!
えへへ、わたしに後ろから抱き着かれた感触はどうかな？おっぱい、そんなに大きくないけど気持ちいい？,Ehehe~ How does it feel to be hugged by me from behind? My boobs aren't very big; but they still feel good right?
今からあなたの乳首をいじりながら、もう片方の手でおちんちんをしごいてあげるね。,Now like this; I'm going to stroke your dick with this hand; while I tweak your nipple with the other; OK?
とっても気持ちいいから、逃げちゃダメだよ？,It'll feel really good; so don't run away; OK?
きゃあっ…！ううっ、やっぱり無理かぁ…。,Kyah...! Ooh; I guess it was no use after all...
ふふ、抵抗しないってことは、シコシコしていいってことだよね？それじゃあまず乳首を指で触って…。,Fufu. Since you're not resisting; then that means you don't mind if I start stroking you; right? Well then; in that case I'll start my touching your nipples with my fingers and...
くりくりくりっ…❤,Tweak~❤
あううっ…❤,Ahhhgh...❤
あは、腰が跳ねてる。これぐらいの刺激でそんなに反応するなんて、期待しちゃってるの？,Aha! You're hips twitched. To have that kind of reaction from this amount of stimulation; you must be expecting a lot huh?
ほら、元気なおちんちんをこの手で握って…。シコシコー❤,Hora; now I'll take your energetic penis between my hands and... stroke it up and down~❤
はひぃっ…❤,Aoogh...❤
どうどう？気持ちいい？わたしの手袋手コキ、すべすべでとってもいいでしょ？,Well? What do you think? My glove feels really silky smooth stroking your dick like this; right?
さっきまで頑張って戦ってたけど、こうやって乳首コリコリされながらシコシコされたら全部どうでもよくなっちゃうね。,You were fighting so hard until now; but when your nipples are being teased like this while dick is being stroked; none of it matters anymore~
おちんちん気持ち良くって、しゅっしゅっしゅってやるたびに、体中が快感でしびれちゃう。,It feels so good that every pump of my silky hands on your dick makes your body numb with pleasure.
おちんちんから白いの出すこと以外、考えられなくなっちゃうね。くすくす❤,You can't think of anything except shooting out your white stuff out of your penis huh? *Giggle*
あっ、ああっ…❤もうだめっ…❤,Ahh; aoogh....❤ No I can't...❤
あは、我慢できない？もう出ちゃう？,Aha! You can't resist? Are you gonna cum already?
いいよ。いっちゃえ。わたしの手に負けて、乳首いじられながら手コキで射精しちゃえ。,It's OK. Go on and cum. Give in to my hands; and ejaculate while I pump your cock while stimulating your nipples!
んふふ❤手がべとべとになるぐらい出しちゃったね。,Ufufu.❤ You came so much that you got my hands all messy.
わたしの逆転勝利。最後は結局おちんちん握られて負けちゃうんだもん。男の人ってかわいい。,Looks I managed to swoop in from behind and take the victory! In the end; you ended up losing because I managed to capture your dick with my hands. Men are so cute.
オナニー気持ちよかった？わたしのマスターの大勝利♪,Did you enjoy masturbating? Looks like this is my Cardmaster's victory♪
脚にたくさん出して負けちゃったね。ふふふ、下級モンスターのわたしに負けるなんて、カッコ悪い❤,You let out a whole lot after you submitted to my legs; huh? Fufufu. It's not a good look to lose to a lesser monster like me you know~❤
手でシコシコされるの気持ちよかった？これでわたしたちの勝ちだね。ふふふ。,Did you enjoy having your dick massaged by my hand? Looks like we win this time; huh? Ufufu.
おっぱいがべとべと…。これぐらいの大きさのおっぱいにも負けちゃうなんて、まだまだ修行が足りないんじゃない？ふふふ❤,My boobs are all messy now... You must have a long way to go; if you're losing to boobs this big huh? Ufufu~❤
Fランクのカードマスターが使う女性モンスターに敗れた僕は、街頭の地面に横たわっていた。,After being defeated by the female monster used by the F rank cardmaster; I found myself lying on the street pavement.
大丈夫ですか？エナジーをうちの子に吸われちゃったから、立てなくなっちゃったみたいですね。,Are you alright? It looks like you can't stand up because of all the mana that girl drained you of.
サキュバスが吸ったわけではないので、３０分もすれば立てるようになると思いますが、少し休んでいてください。,"It wasn't a succubus that drained you so you should be able to stand in about 30 minuties, but please try to get some rest!"
ねえマスター、わたしもっとエナジー吸いたいんだけど、いい？,Aww~ But Master; I wanted to drain a little more of his mana... can I?
ほら、この人のおちんちんもまだ勃っているし、気持ちいいことしてほしそうだよ？,Look; his dick is still erect; like he wants to feel good with me more~
そういうとモスは僕のペニスを握り、軽く上下に扱いてきた。僕は身動きできない状態でその快楽に、腰を跳ねさせてしまう。,In that moment; the Mothgirl took hold of my dick and lightly began stroking it up and down. I was unable to move myself; but the pleasure was making my hips buck and twitch on their own.
ううん…。その辺のマナーって街だとどうなっているんでしょう。うちの村だと勝負が終わったら余計なことはしちゃダメって決まりでしたけど…。,"Ohh... I wonder what is concedered proper etiquette here? In my village, there are rules that state not to do anything unnecessary after a duel is over..."
本人が望むのならいいんでしょうか。ねえ、あなたはどうされたいですか？,But maybe if he wants to do it; then it might be okay? Hey; what do you want us to do?
分かりました。それなら、今回のバトルはこれで終わりですね。,Got it. In that case; let's end the battle here; shall we?
そうですか。それじゃあ、お言葉に甘えて、ちょっとうちの子にエナジー分けてもらいますね。,I see! Well then; as you wish; I'll you share a little more mana with her then; OK?
わたしはあっちのベンチで休憩してますから、あとはこの子に任せます。,I'll take a break on the bench over there; so I'll leave the rest to her.
カードマスターの少女は僕とモスを置いて、近くのベンチへと歩いて行った。,The cardmaster girl left me and the Moth girl to sit on a nearby bench.
えへへ。いただきまーす。,Ehehe. Time to dig in~
まずは下準備からだね。知ってる？たっぷり興奮させてあげた方がエナジーっておいしくなるんだよ。,I guess I should start conditioning you first; right? Don't you know? The mana you get from someone tastes way better when they're aroused and horny.
ほら、あなたのお顔をむぎゅーって抱きしめて…❤,Hora; I'm gonna give you a big hug with your face pressed against my boobs like this...❤
はぅうう…❤,Oahh...❤
うふふ。おっぱいの甘い匂いとわたしの鱗粉、いっぱい吸い込んでいいよ。,Ufufu. Go on; inhale the sweet smell of my boobs and my moth scales too.
クンクンしている間に、あなたのエナジー、どんどん精液に溶け込んでいくからね。,The more you sniff; the more you can feel your mana; your energy; dissolving more and more into your balls as semen~
ほら…。おちんちん痛いぐらいに勃起してきた。今から気持ちいいことしてもらえるからって準備万端になっちゃったね。くすくす❤,See? Look... Your dick is getting so hard it hurts. It looks like the preperations are complete; and you're ready to have your dick pleasured from here on~ *Giggle*❤
モスは勃起したペニスをからかうように、つんつんと指でつついてくる。たまらなく興奮しているのに、焦らすようなもどかしい刺激で腰が動いてしまう。,The Moth girl poked my erect dick with her fingers in a condecending manner. Despite feeling incredibly aroused; the stimulation from her tease subconciously caused my hips to move.
んふふ、さっきまで戦ってた女の子におちんちんツンツンされて、気持ちよくなっちゃってるの？ヘンタイ❤,Ufufu. Did it feel good having your dick poked by the girl you were fighting earlier? Pervert~❤
そんなに弱いおちんちんだと、きっとこの先も私に負けちゃうよ？ほら、手で捕まえてー…。,If your penis is that weak; then surely you'll end up losing to me again in the future; right? Now; time to take your dick in my hands...
しこしこー❤,...and start stroking it nice and good~❤
あっ、ああっ…❤これぇ、気持ちいいっ…❤,Ahh? Ahh...❤ T-This is... it feels so good...❤
あはは、面白いぐらい体がのけぞっちゃってるね。でも、鱗粉を吸い込んで痺れたその体じゃ、逃げることもできないでしょ？,Ahaha! Your body is arching so much it's funny! But no matter how much you try; you can't escape with your body numb from the moth scales you inhaled; right?
ビクンビクンっていもむしみたいに体を動かすのが精一杯。これじゃ、どっちが虫のモンスターだか分からないぐらいだよ。くすくす❤,Your dick is twitching so much that it looks like it's moving like a caterpillar! It's getting hard to tell which one of us is the bug monter around here. *Giggle*❤
ううっ…❤あうぅっ…❤,Oooh...❤ Aoohh...❤
あなたもわたしのマスターみたいに、ギルドで頑張ろうって思ってこの大会に参加したんだよね？それなのに、こんな変態なことしてていいのかな？,You joined this tournament because you wanted to do your best at the guild; just like my master; right? But if that's true; is it really okay for you to be doing such perverted things?
敵モンスターの女の子に上に乗られて、にやにや馬鹿にされて、それなのにおちんちん気持ちよくて喘いでる。こんな経験したらもう他の女モンスターにも勝てないんじゃない？,An enemy monster is on top of you; smirking and making fun of you; and yet your cock feels so good you're moaning~ After having an experience like this; you'll never be able to win against another female monster ever again; don't you think?
ねえ、どう思う？しこしこされた気持ちよさを忘れて、これからはちゃんと戦えそう？,"Well? What do you think? Will you be able to forget about how good it feels to have your dick stroked and fight properly from now on? "
あっ…❤あひぃっ…❤ああっ…❤,Ahh I...❤ Ooagh…❤ N-No that's... oooh...❤
ふふ、自分から扱いてもらうことを選んだ時点で、もう無理かな？,Fufu. Maybe it's a little pointless to ask you right now while your dick is being massaged~
女の子モンスターの気持ちよさにはまって、どうにもならなくなっちゃうかな？くすくす❤,Or maybe you've just become so addicted to the pleasures of us monster girls that no matter what you do you can't help yourself? *Giggle*❤
ほら、イっちゃっていいよ。わたしの手に気持ちいいのいっぱい出して、エナジー吸われちゃお？,Hora; you can go and cum. Shoot out lots of nice mana into my hand so I can absorb it all up; OK?
はひぃっ…❤だめっ…❤あああっ…❤,Ahiee...❤ Oh n-no...❤ Ahhh...❤
はうぅぅ…❤気持ちいいぃ…❤,Haaaoough...❤ It feels too good...❤
あは、いっぱい出したね。服がべとべとになっちゃった。,Aha! You sure let out a lot didn't you. My clothes have become all sticky.
でも、まだ終わりじゃないよ。気絶するまでたっぷり搾り取ってあげる。,But I'm not done with you yet. I'll keep milking you until you pass out.
しこしこ、しこしこ❤,Stroke stroke; stroke stroke~❤
はひぃっ・・・・❤,Ahiee....❤
んふふ、おいしかったー。,Ufufu; that was delicious~
それじゃまたねー。今度はわたしのマスターに勝てるといいね？くすくす❤,See you later~ I'm sure you'll defeat my master next time; right? *Giggle*❤
こうして僕は、エナジーをたっぷり吸い取られ、その日のバトルを終えたのだった…。,And so; the battle that day ended with me being drained of all my mana...