default,
サキュバススナイパー,Succubus Sniper
鋭い視線で男を釘付けにする狩人のサキュバス。矢に魅了の魔力を込めて飛ばすことができるほか、魔眼の使い手であり男と至近距離で見つめ合うことで、相手に強い恍惚感を与えることができる。,A succubus hunter who can imoblize men with her piercing gaze. In addition to her ability to fire charm magic infused arrows; she can also make her male enemies feel immense sexual pleasure by staring into their eyes with her hypnotic gaze.
[1].このカードが召喚に成功したとき手札を1枚捨てて発動できる。「{%%10018}1体を自分フィールド上に特殊召喚する。,[1]. When this card is successfully summoned; you may discard 1 card from your hand and Special Summon 1 "{%%10018}" onto your side of the field.
[2].1ターンに1度、相手フィールド上のモンスター1体を選択し、手札を２枚捨てて発動できる。そのモンスターに「魅了」を付与する。,[2]. Once per turn; you may discard 2 cards from your hand to inflict "Charm" on a monster on your opponent's field.
わたしの目を見なさい。魅了してあげる❤,Stare into my eyes. Fall under my spell.❤
頭がぼーっとして、エッチなことしか考えられないでしょ？そのままじっとしてなさい。ふふふ❤,Your mind is blank; and you can't think about anything except how horny you are for us; right? Just stay right there and enjoy the show. Fufufu.
服越しで悪いけど、胸で気持ちよくしてあげる。チンポを谷間に挟んでっと…。,I won't take my top off sorry; but I'm still going to pleasure you with my breasts. Now to wrap my boobs around your dick...
ズリズリされてどれだけ持つのかしら。さっさと谷間に白旗あげちゃいなさい。くすくす❤,I wonder how much of this rubbing you'll be able to take? Go ahead and shoot your white flag into my cleavage at once. Kuhu.❤
胸で挟んであげるわ。小ぶりなおっぱいだけど、案外悪くないはずよ。,I'll putt your dick between my breasts now. They're on the smaller side; but I think you'll find them quite nice.
サキュバスの肌だもの。しっとりしてて手で触っているだけでも気持ちいい…。そんなところにチンポを閉じ込められたら、どうなっちゃうのかしら。,The secret is my succubus skin. It's soft and gentle to the touch... I wonder what your dick will think?
ふふ、たっぷり体感なさい。気持ちよく吸い尽くしてあげる❤,Fufu. Feel free to indulge. I'll drain your balls nice and good.❤
おっぱいでされるのは好き？たくさん挟んであげるわ。,Do you like it when someone does this to you with their breasts? I'll sandwitch your dick between them lots.
ほら、こうやってチンポの先っぽをズリズリ、ズリズリ…❤腰がビクビクしちゃうでしょ。,Hora; I'll jostle the tip of your penis between my tits like this...and make your hips buck.❤
でも、これだけじゃもどかしいわよね。なら自分から腰を突き入れなさい。たくさん竿もパイズリしてあげる❤うふふ❤,But; this amount of simulation is frustraiting; right? If so; go on and thrust your hips into my breasts; and I'll give you a full paizuri with my breasts around your dick.❤ Ufufu.❤
ほら、逃げちゃダメ。女の脚にチンポいじめられるの、気持ちいいよ？,Hora; don't try to escape. Doesn't it feel good having your dick teased by a woman's legs?
膝でグリグリグリっていじめてあげる。たくさん喘ぎなさい。ふふふ…❤,I'll bully your dick by rubbing it with my knee. Go on and let out all your moans. Fufufu...❤
脚でいじめてあげるわ。ほら。,I'll tease your dick with my leg. Hora.
膝をチンポに押し当てて、ぐりぐり、にゅこにゅこ❤こんなことされて気持ちよくなっちゃうなんて、あなた変態ね。,By pushing my knee against your dick; I can rub your shaft and balls like this.❤ Enjoying having something like this being done to you like this... You must be a real pervert.
戦闘中なのに、気持ちよくされて武器持てなくなっちゃうんだ？ふふ、いいわよ。さっさと手放して、わたしに体を任せなさい❤,Even though we're in a battle; it seems you're enjoying yourself so much you can't even hold your weapon. Very well. Go on and drop your weapon; and leave everything to me.❤
ねえ、さっきからわたしの脚見てるわよね。女の脚が好きなの？,Hey; you've been looking at my legs for some time now you know. Do you have a thing for a girls legs?
それならほら、ふとももの間に挟んであげる。すりすりこすりつけてあげるから、あなたも欲望のままに腰を振りなさい？,If that's the case then look; I'll slip your dick between this spot between my thighs. I'll squeeze and rub it; so go on and shake your hips to your hearts content.
あら❤そんなもの欲しそうな顔をしちゃってどうしたの？\nくすくす、「気持ちよくしてください」だなんて、\nサキュバス相手に頼んじゃうんだ。,Oh?❤ Why the long face? Kuhuhu. It's as if you're begging me—a succubus—to make you feel good~.
どうせただの試験だし、サキュバスに搾り取られても\n殺されたりしないものね❤\nそう思ったらもう我慢できなくなっちゃったのかしら❤,This is an exam; so even if you're drained by a succubus you won't die; right? I guess if you're  thinking things like that; it's no wonder you've stopped trying.❤
ほら、どうやって搾り取ってほしいのか、\n口に出していってごらんなさい。\nあなたの浅ましい欲望、受け止めてあげるわよ❤,Hora; please let me know how you want to be drained. I'd be happy to act out your lewd fantasies.❤
淫魔の柔肌パイズリ,Succubus' Soft Skin Paizuri
淫魔の足技,Succubus Footwork
なんでも,You decide
胸で挟んでほしいのね❤\n男はほんと好きよね、女のおっぱい❤\nサキュバスにパイズリされて、さあ骨抜きになりなさい❤,So you want your dick between my breasts...❤ Men really love these; dont they? A womans boobs I mean.❤ Now; lose your mind as I massage your dick with my boobs.❤
足でいじめてほしいの？\nあは、さすがは自分から降参しちゃうようなマゾね❤\nいいわ、わたしの足で腰砕けにしてあげる❤,So you want me to use my legs to tease you? Haha. As I'd expect from a weak willed masocist. Ok; I'll make you keel over with my leg.❤
あはん❤胸がどろどろ❤\nサキュバスのパイズリはどうだったかしら、ってすっかりアヘ顔ね❤\n試験中にそんな顔晒してみっともないわ❤,Awh~❤ You got my breasts messy.❤ Did you like my Succubus Paizuri? You've got such a dopey expression on your face.❤
ふふ、びくんびくんって激しく痙攣して\nそんなにわたしの足は気持ちよかった？\nサキュバスにいじめてもらえてよかったわね、マゾ豚くん❤,Fufu. Your dick is twitching and trembling violently. Did my leg feel that good? You really enjoy getting teased by succubi; don't you? Maso-piggy~❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Hah; haah...
くすくす❤そっか、自滅しちゃうんだ。,*Giggle*❤ So I see; you've given up.
さっきまで戦っていた相手の前に来て、見下ろされながらオナニー。普通ならありえないと思うけど、マゾのあなたにとっては最高の状況なのよね？,Coming up to the enemy you were just fighting to start masturbating while she looks down on you... No one would normally do that. But it makes sense for a masocist like you; right?
せっかくだから、ほら、おまけしてあげる。,You did your best until now so here. I'll do something a little extra for you.
魅了の魔眼よ。頭がぼーっとして、エッチなことしか考えられないでしょ？わたしの命令がなければ体を動かすこともできないわよね。,My hypnotic gaze. Your mind feels so foggy you can't think about anything other then lewd things; right? You can't even move your body unless I command it~.
その状態でオナニーしたらどうなるか❤ふふふ、ほら早くオナニーを再開しなさい。これは命令よ。,If you start masturbating now; I wonder what will happen?❤ Fufu. Come on then; continue your masturbation. That's an order~
あっ、ああっ❤なにこれぇ…❤気持ちいいっ❤,Ahh; hah~❤ W-What's going on...❤ It feels so good~❤
くすくす❤とーっても間抜けな顔。魅了されながらオナニーなんてし続けたら脳みそ壊れちゃうかも。,*Giggle*❤ You look really stupid~ If you keep stroking your dick while under my spell like that; your mind might break.
でも、別にいいでしょ？気持ちいいんだもの。わたしの命令でシコシコすること以上に、今のあなたにとって大事なことはないはずよ。,But; it doesn't matter right? It feels good. There's nothing more important to you than stroking your cock under my command.
さあ、どんどん扱いて、最高に気持ちよくなって…。わたしに精を捧げなさい❤脳みそとろけさせられながら、気持ちいい自爆オナニーで命を吐き出すの。,Now; stroke your cock even more and experience the highest pleasure... Give me your semen. Spill your life force for me while you blissfully masturbate your mind away.
ほら、出せ❤ イケ❤ このマゾ男❤,Hora; shoot it out~❤ Cum~❤ You masocist~❤
はひぃっ…❤,Aaahh...❤
あはっ、ずいぶんたくさん出たわね。魅了されながらのオナニーは最高だったかしら？,Aha! You shot out a lot of semen~ Isn't masturbating while under my charm the best?
それにしても、こう何度も自滅しちゃうなんて、すっかり病みつきになっちゃったみたいね。この先わたしに勝てるのかしら。くすくす❤,Be as it may; after stroking your dick to me so many times It seems you've become totally addicted to it. I wonder if you'll be able to beat me in the future. *Giggle*❤
マスター自ら敵にエナジーをささげて回復させて…。ふふ、男って本当にダメね。気持ちいいことには絶対に勝てないみたい。,The master himself offering mana to his enemy to heal them... Men really are hopeless; aren't they? They never seem to be able to win against pleasureble things.
敵にエナジーをささげて回復させて、ふふ、男って本当にダメね。気持ちいいことには絶対に勝てないみたい。,Offering mana to an enemy to heal them... Men really are hopeless; aren't they? They never seem to be able to win against pleasureble things.
他の人もわたしのところでオナニーしてみる？魅了しながら見下ろしてあげるわよ。くすくす❤,Would others like to try stroking their cock in front of me too? I'll look down on you with my charming gaze. *Giggle*❤
くすくす❤そっか、やっぱり他の男も自滅しちゃうんだ。,*Giggle*❤ I see... So another male decided to submit to me after all.
誘惑されるまま自分からやってきて、魅了しながらオナニー見てほしいっておねだりしちゃう❤普通ならありえないと思うけど、マゾのあなたにとっては最高の状況なのよね？,Letting yourself be seduced; and begging me to watch you masturbate while charmed... No one would normally do that. But it makes sense for a masocist like you; right?
ほら、言った通りにわたしの魔力であなたもおかしくしてあげる。,Hora. As promised; I'll make you go crazy with my magic too~
どう？実際に魅了の魔眼を受けてみた感想は。頭がぼーっとして、エッチなことしか考えられないでしょ？わたしの命令がなければ体を動かすこともできないわよね。,Well? How does it feel to be under my magical gaze? Your mind feels so foggy you can't think about anything other then lewd things; right? You can't even move your body unless I command it~.
その状態でオナニーしたらどうなるか…❤ふふふ、ほら早くオナニーを再開しなさい。これは命令よ。,If you start masturbating now; I wonder what will happen...?❤ Fufu. Quickly now; continue your masturbation. That's an order~
くすくす❤とーっても間抜けな顔。この快楽が味わいたくて、仲間を見捨ててオナニー始めちゃったのよね。魅了状態でシコシコし続けたら、脳みそ壊れちゃうかも。,*Giggle*❤ You look really stupid. You wanted to experience this feeling so much; you abandoned your friends started masturbating~ If you keep stroking your dick while under my spell like that; your mind might break.
あはっ、あなたもずいぶんたくさん出したわね。魅了されながらのオナニーは最高だったかしら？,Aha! You shot out a lot of semen too~ Isn't masturbating while under my charm the best?
次々に敵にエナジーをささげて回復させて、ふふ、男って本当にダメね。気持ちいいことには絶対に勝てないみたい。,Offering mana to their enemies one after the other to heal them... Men really are hopeless; aren't they? They never seem to be able to win against pleasureble things.
うぐっ、やるわね、あなた…。,Ough! Damn; you actually did it...
脚でいじめてあげたのに、それじゃ不満なのかしら。力を抜いてくれればすぐにでも天国に送ってあげるのに。,Even though I teased you with my legs; I guess you're still unsatisfied. And to think if you had just relaxed for a moment; I could have immediately taken you to heaven.
服越しのパイズリじゃ満足できない？胸より脚の方がお好みかしら？なら…。,Was having my clothed boobs around your dick not enough for you? Maybe you'd prefer my legs over my tits? Well then...
ねえ、こうやって膝を使ってグリグリされるのは嫌い？,Would you mind if I rubbed your dick with my knee like this?
一方的にチンポを脚で弄ばれて、気持ちいいでしょ？軽く前後に動かすだけで、びりびりって快感が流れちゃう。,It feels good when I use my leg to play with your defenceless dick; right? Just a light back and forth motion is enough to carry you away with ripples of pleasure.
戦いなんかするより、こうしてわたしに可愛がられている方が、ずっと楽しいわよね。ほら、顔もとろけてきた❤,Having me care for you in this way is much more fun than fighting; right? Look; your expression is melting.❤
そのまま快楽に身をゆだねなさい。夢見心地のまま吸い取ってあげるわ❤,Entrust your body to the pleasure like this. I'll drain your mana while your mind drifts off into bliss.
振り払ってとどめを刺した,Deal the finishing blow
力が抜けていまった,It's so nice...
きゃあっ、理性が強い…。,Kyah! Such strong willpower...
くすくす❤そう、それでいいのよ。男だもの、気持ちいいのには勝てないわ。,*Giggle*❤ That's it; very good. Men cannot win against pleasure~
こうやって膝ですりすりされるだけで、声が出ちゃうほど気持ちいい。そんな状況で女の子に逆らえるはずがないの。,Just being rubbed by my knee like this feels so good that you can't help but moan. There's no way you can disobey a girl in a situation like this.
ねえ、肌の感触はどう？サキュバスの肌だからしっとりして吸い付くみたいでしょ？すりすりされてたまらないわよね❤,Hey; how does my skin feel? It's succubi skin; so it's soft and smooth; right? You can't stand having it rub against your dick; right?❤
はうぅう、気持ちよすぎてぇ…❤,Haah... It feels too good...!❤
そりゃそうよ。一度女モンスターの快感を受け入れてしまったら、心のバリアがなくなるの。,That's right~ Once you accept the pleasure a female monster brings you; the barriers around your heart dissapear.
その状態で受ける快楽は通常の何倍も気持ちいい。例えば甘い息を吹きかけられながら、脚を数回震わせるだけで絶頂しちゃうぐらいに。,The pleasure you will feel in this state will be many times more pleasurable than normal. For example; just a few shakes of my leg while blowing my sweet breath on you will be enough to make you climax.
あっ、あひぃっ…❤ああっ…❤,Haah; ahiee...❤ Haah...❤
くすくす❤かわいい喘ぎ声。膝で大事なところをいじめられて、そんな声出しちゃうんだ。,*Giggle*❤ Your moans are cute. To think having your imporant spot being teased causes you to let out moans like that.
ほら、イきなさい。まったく抵抗もできないまま、わたしの脚に屈するのよ。,Hora. Cum for me. You can't resist it at all. Submit to my legs!
ふふ、あっけないわ。女の脚に大事なエナジーをこんなに捧げて…。満足できたかしら？,Fufu. That was too easy. Giving up so much of your precious energy to a woman's legs... Are you satisfied now?
頑張ってあと少しまで追い詰めたのに、無駄になっちゃったわね。くすくす❤,You worked so hard to corner me; but it was all for nothing; wasn't it? *Giggle*❤
さっきあなたのお仲間も、わたしの脚でメロメロにされてカッコ悪くイかされちゃったわ。見てたでしょ、あのときの気持ちよさそうな顔❤,Just a moment ago I made your friend ejaculate crudely while he was hopelessly in love with my legs. You saw it too right? The look of pleasure on his face was priceless.❤
そのまま快楽に身をゆだねなさい。あなたも夢見心地のまま吸い取ってあげる❤,Give up and submit to my pleasures. I'll drain your mana while your mind daydreams about sexy pleasures~
仲間がこうやって搾り尽くされるのを見て、自分もやられてみたいなぁって心のどこかで思っていたんでしょう？,"Somewhere in the back of your mind; you saw your friends getting squeezed like this; and you wished you could get squeezed too, right? "
欲望に負けた状態で受ける快楽は通常の何倍も気持ちいい。例えば甘い息を吹きかけられながら、脚を数回震わせるだけで絶頂しちゃうぐらいに。,The pleasure that one receives in a state of lust is many times more pleasurable than usual. For example; just a few shakes of my leg while blowing my sweet breath on you will be enough to make you climax.
わたしたちの勝ちね。オナニーなんかで試験に落ちて、恥ずかしくないのかしら。くすくす❤,Looks like this is our win. I wonder if you're embarassed for failing the exam for something as pathetic as jerking off? *Giggle*❤
脚で気持ちよくされてイっちゃったわね。くすくす❤マゾな男は簡単で助かるわ。,I guess You ended up cumming after I made you feel good with my legs. *Giggle*❤ Masocistic men are so easy; it saves me a lot of trouble.
あは、服にこんなにかけて、パイズリ、ずいぶんと気持ちよかったみたいね。これでわたしたちの勝ち。あっけなかったわ。,Aha! It seems you really enjoyed having my boobs around your dick. This proves our victory; and it didn't even take that long.
昇格試験を受け、試験官が使う女性モンスターに敗れた僕は、床に膝をついて女性モンスターに見下ろされていた。,After taking the promotion test and being defeated by the card used by the examiner; I was kneeling on the floor as the female monster looked down on me. 
ま、初心者が相手なら順当な結果ね。,Well; since you're just a beginner; this outcome does make sense.
我慢できなくなって自分から扱いちゃうような人に、わたしが負けるはずないわ。くすくす❤,I wouldn't lose to someone who starts stroking his dick because he can't take it anymore~ *Giggle*❤
脚でいじめられるの、気持ちよかったんでしょ？ちょっといじめてあげただけで耐えられなくなって射精❤なかなか滑稽だったわよ。くすくす❤,Being teased by my legs felt good; didn't it? I teased you just a little bit; and you couldn't resist and ejaculated.❤ It was actually pretty funny. *Giggle*❤
わたしの胸はどうだったかしら？柔らかくて気持ちよかったでしょ？くすくす❤,How did you find my breasts? They felt really nice and soft; didn't they? *Giggle*❤
ううっ…❤,Oogh...❤
さてと、それじゃあ魔力を搾り取らせてもらうわね。大丈夫、すぐに終わるから。,Now then. I'm going to squeeze out some mana from you; OK? Don't worry. It will only take a moment.
はううっ…❤,Haah...❤
こうやって膝でしてあげると、男ってすぐにイっちゃうの。本当は死ぬまで搾り取ってあげたいけれど…。,When I do it with my knee like this; men cum right away. Truthfully; I'd want to keep squeezing you until your lifeforce runs out but...
マスターが見ているからちょっとしかしてあげられないわ。残念ね。くすくす❤,My master is watching; so I can't be seen doing that~ Too bad for you. *Giggle*❤
あっ、ああっ…❤,Ahh; aah...❤
サキュバスの肌って素敵でしょ？触れているだけでうっとりしちゃうすべすべの肌。,Succubus skin is amazing; isn't it? It's so smooth; and even just touching it is enough to captivate you.
チンポにこすりつけられて、気分はもう天国かしら。試験に落ちたというのに、蕩けた顔しちゃって…。気持ちよさで頭のなかぐちゃぐちゃなのね。,Having your dick rubbed like this... It must feel like you're already in heaven. Even though you failed the exam; you look so slutty... I guess your mind got all messed up from the pleasure.
試験に落ちるのは気持ちいいこと…。そんな風に体が覚えちゃわなければいいけど。くすくす❤,The pleasure of failing an exam... I hope your body doesn't start craving that feeling. *Giggle*❤
ほらほら、擦りつける速度、速くしてあげる。どう？最高でしょ？,Hora hora; I'll increase the tempo of my leg. Well? It feels amazing; doesn't it?
ひあっ、あっ、あひぃっ…❤,Aah! A-Ahh~ Ahhh…❤
もう声になってないじゃない。敏感でマゾ。これじゃこの先苦労するわね。,You won't even be able to have your own voice anymore because you're a easily swayed masocist. I think the road ahead will be tough for you after this.
女の膝で一方的に喘がされて、バカにされているのに気持ちよくなっちゃう。男ってどうしてこう弱いのかしら。,Moaning helplessly from a womans leg; and feeling good despite being made fun of... I wonder what causes men to be so weak?
さ、頭を真っ白にしてイクといいわ。わたしにエナジーをささげなさい。とどめに強く喘がせてあげる。,Well then; let your mind go blank and cum. Give me your mana. I'll make you moan hard as you finish.
あぐぅあっ、あああっ…❤むりぃ、気持ちよすぎてぇっ…❤,Aaaoogh; ahh...❤ O-Oh... it feels so good I can't...❤
あへぇ…❤,Ahhh...❤
はい、これでおしまい。こんなにたくさん出して、すっかり脚がべとべとよ。うふふ❤,And that's that. Shooting out so much like this has caused my legs to get completely drentched. Ufufu.❤
あなたのエナジーはわたしの大事な目的のために使わせてもらうわ。,I'll make sure the mana you've given me helps me achieve my ulimate goal~
いつかその目的が叶ったときに、あなたのこと搾り尽くしてあげる。楽しみにしてなさい。,Someday; when that goal is fufilled; I will make sure to milk you to exhastion. Please look forward to it.
こうして僕は敗北後も魔力を搾り取られた。体が動かせるようになるまでしばらく休ませてもらってから、試験会場を後にしたのだった。,And so; I had all my mana milked out of me even after my defeat. I was allowed to rest for a while until I could move my body again; and then I left the examination hall. 
