default
パイズリ処刑人,Paizuri Executioner
EU22_paizuriAnime,
癒しの女神教に仕える敬虔な信徒。男性は女性に庇護されるべきであり、それに逆らう男は「聖罰」によって改心させるべきであると信じている。胸のところに穴をあけた「処刑服」で男の弱点を補足し、「処罰」と「処刑」によって男性を屈服させる。彼女に処刑されたあとには、男のプライドは首を斬られたように死に絶えて、女性に従順な存在に変えられてしまうだろう。,A devout follower of the Healing Goddess. She believes that men exist to be protected by women; and that men who oppose this way of thinking should be reformed through "divine punishment". She uses the hole in her outfit's chest region to punish a man's weak spot; forcing him to submit to her "punishment" and "execution". Any man who receives her "execution" has his pride killed as surely as if her axe had cut it off; transforming him into a submissive man who will listen to whatever a woman says.
[1].このカードが召喚に成功したとき、自分フィールド上のすべての「処刑人」モンスターに「再生(100)」を付与する。,[1]. When this card is successfully summoned; grant "Regeneration (100)" to all "Executioner" monsters on your field.
戦闘時相手に「おっぱいに弱い」を付与する。,Inflicts "Breast Fetish" on foe after combat.
ああん、そんな怖い顔しないで？\nおっぱいで気持ちいいことしてあげますからぁ❤,Aahn~; there's no need to look so hostile. Here; allow me make you feel good with my breasts~❤
お兄さん、おっぱいのことすっごく好きですよねぇ❤\nそれなのに攻撃できるんですか？攻撃しなければ、\nおちんちんをふわとろおっぱいで気持ちよくしてもらえるのに…❤,You really love breasts; don't you; sir?❤ Can you truly bring yourself to attack me? If you don't... I'll make your penis feel amazing with my soft; fluffy breasts...❤     
くすくす❤武器落としちゃいましたね。\nほら、いい子にはたくさんおっぱいでご褒美あげちゃいますよ。\nパイズリ楽しんでください❤,Kuhuhu~❤ Oh dear; you dropped your weapon. I see; I suppose I must personally reward you for being such a good boy. Please relax and let my paizuri send you to heaven~❤
わたしのおっぱい、とっても大きいですよね？\nこのおっぱいで「処罰」してあげれば、みんないい子になってくれるんです❤,My breasts are absurdly large; aren't they? Everyone becomes such good boys when I 'punish' them with these breasts of mine.❤ 
特にお兄さんみたいにおっぱいに弱い人には効果てきめんです。\nねえ、おねがい❤武器なんて捨てて、\nたくさん「処罰」されちゃいましょう？,It's especially effective against people like you who are weak against breasts. Come now. Please~❤ Throw away your weapon... Just sit back and relax so I allow me to "punish" you; okay?
おっぱいって素敵ですよね。\n柔らかくて母性の象徴で、\nどんな男の人もメロメロにしちゃう女の子の武器❤,Breasts are wonderful; aren't they? They are the very embodiment of softness and motherhood. Weapons that can make any man head-over-heels for us~❤
さっきからすっかり谷間に目が釘付けですね。\nお兄さんもおっぱいのこと素敵だなぁって思うんですか？,Your gaze has been glued to my cleavage for a while now. You must also think breasts are wonderful; don't you; sir?
それならほら、おちんちんをおっぱいの中に入れて\nもっともっとおっぱいの良さを教えてあげます。お兄さんはそのまま\nおっぱいに見とれて棒立ちになっていてくださいね？くすくす❤,If so; come and let me put your penis between my breasts... I'll show you just how amazing breasts truly are. All you need to do is stand there and stare lovingly at my chest; okay? Kuhuhu~❤
ああん、そんな怖い顔しないで？おっぱいで気持ちいいことしてあげますからぁ❤,Ahnnn; don't make such a scary expression. I'll do something nice with my breasts for you~❤
おちんちんが挟まれたら、すぐに脳みそとろとろになっちゃうふわとろおっぱいですよぉ❤たくさん癒してあげますね❤くすくす❤,Once your penis is nestled between my big fluffy breasts; your brain will instantly turn to mush~❤ It will be so wonderfully healing for you.❤ Kuhuhu~❤
あなたも優しい気持ちになれるように、愛のしつけをしてあげますね❤\nほら、おっぱいの中でおちんちんお迎えしてあげます❤えいっ❤,I will discipline you with my love so you can become kind and gentle.❤ Now; I shall welcome your penis between my breasts.❤ Here I go!❤
おっぱいって素敵ですよね。柔らかくて母性の象徴で、どんな男の人もメロメロにしちゃう女の武器❤,Breasts are wonderful, aren't they? So amazingly soft and the perfect symbol of motherhood. They're a woman's weapon that can turn any man's mind to mush~❤
ほら、あなたもわたしの胸のふくらみをちらちらと見ています❤\nいいんですよ、たくさん見ても。わたしは咎めたりしません。,Ah; I can see you keep stealing glances at my chest.❤ I don't mind; stare all you like. I would never fault you for doing so.
それどころか、このおっぱいの谷間で気持ちいいことしてあげますね❤\n服の下の穴から、おちんちんをおっぱいの中にずぷずぷ❤\nわたしのパイズリ処刑を堪能してください❤,Rather; I'll make you feel good with this cleavage of mine~❤ I'll slide your cock in and out between these breasts through the hole under my clothes.❤ So please; enjoy your paizuri execution~❤
あら、自ら処刑されに来るなんて、\n手間がはぶけて助かります❤\nそんなにこの谷間で「処罰」してほしかったんですか？,Oh my; I can't believe you are walking to the execution stand all on your own. That certainly saves me time.❤ Do you wish to be "executed" by my cleavage that badly?
服のスキマの処刑穴から、ずっぷりおちんちんを取り込んで、\nそのまま音がなるほど激しいパイズリ❤\nさ、あなたの魂もこの穴で浄化してあげますね❤,If so; slide your penis into the execution hole in the front of my outfit and I'll give you paizuri so intense everyone will hear~❤ Now; I shall use this hole to purify your very soul~❤
くす❤屈服の証がこんなにたくさん❤\nあなたの古い価値観は全部谷間に吸い出されてしまいましたね❤\n女神さまの教えに従う喜びが体の芯まで伝わりましたか？うふふふ❤,Oh my~❤ That was such a large sign of your submission.❤ Every remnant of your outdated values has been sucked right into my cleavage; hasn't it?❤ Did you feel the joy of the goddess's teachings deep within your soul? Ufufufu~❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ahh... Ohhhh...  
あら、どうされました？わたしの前にひざまずいて…。もしかして仲間が誘惑に負けるのを見て、我慢できなくなってしまったのですか？,Oh dear; what is the matter? You're kneeling in front of me... Could it be you have lost the ability to resist after seeing your companions succumb to my temptation?
おちんちんを握りしめて一生懸命にシコシコ、シコシコ…❤,Go ahead; grasp your penis. Stroke up and down with all your might~❤
さっきのフェラ、気持ちよさそうでしたものね。戦闘も投げ出して自慰にふけるだなんて、くすくす、なんと哀れな姿でしょう❤,The fellatio I gave earlier must have looked so pleasant. You look so pathetic; giving up like this and masturbating on the battlefield~❤
いいのですよ、男の方というものはそういうものなのです❤目の前にぶらさげられた快楽の前では、力で劣る相手に負けることすら喜んで受け入れてしまう。悲しい生き物❤,There's no need to worry though. That is just how men are~❤ Sad creatures that give up against even a weaker opponent when the offer of pleasure is dangled before them.❤
さあ、味方の裏切りに傷ついた心をわたしのおっぱいで慰めてさしあげましょう❤すぐに天国にイかせてあげます❤,Now; allow me to use my breasts to help soothe the pain you must be feeling from betraying your allies.❤ I'll send you to heaven straight away~❤   
この大きな胸を、あなたの顔ギリギリまで近づけて…。鼻に触れるか触れないかの距離でのエアパ・イ・ズ・リ❤,I'll bring these large breasts of mine just a hair from your face... So close that they almost touch your nose... And show off my air pai・zu・ri~❤
間近で揺らされる特大おっぱいで脳みそ沸騰させてあげますね❤ほらっ…❤,I'll make your brain boil by shaking my massive breasts in front of your face~❤ Now come...❤   
あっ、ああっ…❤おっぱいがっ…❤❤すごいぃっ……❤,A-Ahhhhh!❤ Your boobs...❤❤ Are so amazing...
はい、おしまい❤こんなに胸の上に出して、本当に瞬殺でしたわね❤くすくす❤,And there; all done.❤ Letting out all that cum onto my chest like that... You really didn't last more than a second; did you?❤ Kuhuhu~❤
前回に引き続きマスターが自分から負けて全滅するだなんて、この調子ならわたしたちがあなたに負けることはないかもしれません。ね、おっぱいマゾさん❤,Just like last time; you wiped yourself off the battlefield. At this rate; I might never lose to you again. Isn't that right; Mr. Breast Masochist?❤
マスターが自分から負けて全滅するだなんて、実に実に哀れな結末でした。次戦う時は少しはその欲のたかぶりを抑えられるといいですけれど❤ふふふ❤,You voluntarily throwing the match and losing to me was truly a pathetic sight. I do hope you'll be able to control your lust a bit more next time.❤ Fufufu~❤
顔の近くで揺らされると甘い匂いもあいまって、最高の快感でしたでしょう？,Having my sweet scent fill your nose as I shook my breasts in front of you was the best; wasn't it?   
それにしても自分からオナニーをしに来るだなんて…。うふふ❤この調子なら今回のバトルは楽勝かもしれません♪,Even so; I can't believe you started stroking yourself to me.❤ This might be an easy win if things keep going like this~♪      
あら、どうされました？わたしの前にひざまずいて…。もしかして我慢できなくなってしまったのですか？,Oh my; what is the matter? You're kneeling in front of me... Could it be that you couldn't hold back anymore?
戦っているさなかに、相手のおっぱいを見ながら自慰にふけるだなんて、くすくす、なんと哀れな姿でしょう❤,Engrossed in self-pleasure amidst the battle; all while gazing upon your opponent's breasts... Kuhuhu; what a pitiful sight~❤
いくら我々処刑官のおっぱいが大きいからといって、それに見とれて欲情し勝手に自滅してしまうとは❤男の肉欲とは実に救い難いものですね❤,No matter how large the breasts of us executioners may be... To become so entranced and consumed by lust that it leads to your own destruction...❤ The carnal desires of men are truly beyond salvation; wouldn't you say?❤
さあ、哀れなその姿を長く晒させるのもかわいそうです❤すぐに天国にイかせてあげましょう❤,Here; it would be a pity to let you suffer in such a pathetic state for long.❤ Allow me to hurry you straight to heaven~❤
わたしの胸をあなたの顔ギリギリまで近づけて…。鼻に触れるか触れないかの距離でのエアパ・イ・ズ・リ❤,I'll bring these large breasts of mine just a hair from your face... So close that they almost touch your nose... And show off my air pai・zu・ri~❤
あら、あなたもオナニーですか？わたしの前にひざまずいてもぞもぞとして、手が上下に動いていますわ❤,Oh dear; have you started stroking yourself as well? You're kneeling in front of me while pumping your hand up and down~❤
戦っているそのさなかに、相手のおっぱいに見とれて自慰にふけるだなんて、くすくす、なんと哀れな姿でしょう❤,Engrossed in self-pleasure amidst the battle, all while being captivated by your opponent's breasts... Kuhuhu, what a pitiful sight indeed.❤
お仲間がわたしに屈服して、自慰で射精するのを見てうらやましくなったのですか？こう何人も勝手に自滅してしまうとは❤男の肉欲とは実に度し難いものです❤,Did you get jealous from watching your companion get off to me? I can't believe so many of you want to surrender.❤ I guess men truly can't win against their sexual desires~❤
さあ、哀れなその姿を長く晒させるのもかわいそうですわ❤あなたもすぐに天国にイかせてあげますね❤,Here; it would be a pity to let you suffer in such a pathetic state for long.❤ Allow me to hurry you straight to heaven as well~❤
あなたもこれがしてほしかったんでしょう？さっきの方もあまりのエロさにすぐに果てていましたものね❤,You wanted this too; didn't you? The person from earlier came immediately because of the overwhelming pull of my entrancing breasts; after all~❤
どうぞ、間近で揺らされる特大おっぱいで脳みそ沸騰させてあげます❤ほらっ…❤,Go ahead and enjoy yourself. I'll make your brain boil by shaking my massive breasts in front of your face.❤ Here I go...❤       
はい、おしまい❤こんなに胸の上に出して、あなたも瞬殺でしたわね❤くすくす❤,And there; all done.❤ Letting out all this cum on my chest; just like my first victim. You really didn't last more than a second; did you?❤ Kuhuhu~❤
前回に引き続きマスターが自分から負けて全滅するだなんて。この調子ならわたしたちがあなたに負けることはないかもしれません。ね、おっぱいマゾさん❤,You ended up doing yourself in just like before. At this rate; I might never lose to you. Right; Mr. Breast Masochist~?❤
顔の近くで揺らされると甘い匂いもあいまって、最高の快感でしたでしょう？その蕩け顔がなによりの証拠です。,Having my sweet scent fill your nose as I shook my breasts in front of you was the best; wasn't it? That blissful look on your face is all the proof I need.
この調子で次々負けに来ていいですよ？たっぷりおっぱいでおもてなししてあげます❤,It's okay to keep losing to me like this; don't you think? I'll always welcome you with my ample breasts if you do~❤
ううっ、このままでは、負けてしまいます…。,Ooh... At this rate; I'm going to lose...
あなたには驚きました。わたしの胸でパイズリされたというのに、理性を保ち、抗ってくるだなんて…。さすがは上級モンスターですね。,You surprised me. Even though I gave you my paizuri; you managed to keep your sanity and fight back. As expected of a high-ranking monster.
あなたには驚きました。わたしの胸でパイズリされたというのに、理性を保ち、抗ってくるなんて…。,You surprised me. Even though I gave you my paizuri; you managed to keep your sanity and fight back...
もしかすると胸にはあまり興味がないのですか？なら、そうですね、特別にお口で奉仕してさしあげるのはどうでしょう❤,Maybe you aren't interested in breasts. Well then; how about this? I'll go out of my way and use my mouth to service you.❤   
わたしの服装、口元だけが見えるでしょう？そのせいか案外お口の行為を望む男性も少なくはないのです❤,The only part of my face you can see is my mouth; isn't it? You'd be surprised how much that makes men want to experience my oral skills~❤
見てください、あーんってお口をあけるとぉ、舌が動いているのが見えてとてもムラムラしてくるでしょう？いいんですよ。この中におちんちんを入れても。,Please watch. I'll open my mouth for you. Isn't it exciting to see my tongue wriggling all about? It's alright. I don't mind if you insert your penis in here. 
おちんちんの気持ちいいところや敏感なところ、舌や唇で扱かれたら、腰が抜けてしまうぐらい気持ちいいはずです❤ほら、どうぞ？お口の前におちんちんを構えてください❤,As I use my tongue and lips to play with the most sensitive parts of your penis it'll feel so amazing that your waist will give out~❤ So; what do you say? Please go ahead and place your penis before my lips~❤     
おちんちんが用意できた瞬間にたくさんなめしゃぶってあげますからね❤くすくす❤,As soon as your penis is ready; I'll lick and suck on you as much as you wish~❤ Kuhuhu~❤  
無視してとどめを刺した,Deal the final blow
ぺ二スを彼女の前に差し出した,Present your penis before her
ペニスを彼女の前に差し出した,Present your penis before her
ううっ、我慢強いんですね…。,Ooh... Your will is strong indeed...
あは❤敵の前でおちんちんを自ら差し出すなんて、男の人って本当に愚かですねぇ❤,Aha~❤ It's foolish for a man to offer his penis up to his enemy~❤
ほら、素直になれたご褒美ですよ？あーむ❤,Well then; would you like a reward for being so honest? Ahh-mmph~❤
はひぃっ…❤,Hahiii...❤
んっ、ちゅぷ❤んふふ❤どうれふか？わたひの口のなか、きもちいいれふか？,Hnnn. *Smooch~❤* Nfufu~❤ How's this? Doesn't the inside of my mouth feel wonderful?
こひが振るえてますもんね。気持ちいいんですね？んっ、じゅぷ❤じゅぱぁ❤じゅぷ❤,You're shaking down here. Does it truly feel that good? Hnnn. *Slurp~ Suck~ Slurp~❤*  
あっ、ああっ…❤,A-Ahhhhh...❤
んふふ❤それでいいんですよ❤男の人の理性なんて、んっ、ちゅぷ❤、気持ちいいことの前では、たいひて意味はないんですから❤,Nfufu~❤ There's no need to worry~❤A man's sanity is... Hnn; smoochhhh~❤ Nothing when compared to pure pleasure~❤ 
こうやって亀頭に軽くキスをまぶひたりぃ❤ちゅっ❤ちゅっ❤ちゅぱ❤,I'll lightly kiss your glans like this~❤ *Smooch~ Kiss~ Smooch~❤*    
うっ、あひぃっ…❤あううっ…❤,Oooh; ahhh...❤ Ooohhh...❤
唇をきゅってすぼめながら、奥の方まで咥えたりぃ❤あーむぅっ❤じゅるるぅ❤,And then I'll press my lips together before... swallowing you deep into my throat~❤ Ahmmmm~❤ *Gulllppppp~❤*
ほのままピストンしてあげれば、すぐに逝っちゃうんでふから❤ほら、んっ❤んっ❤じゅぷ❤じゅぽ❤じゅぷ❤,If I start pumping back and forth like this; you'll lose control in an instant~❤ Watch~❤ Hnn~❤ *Slurp~ Gulp~ Pump~❤*      
んふふ、ほらぁ、こんなに出して、言った通りになりましたね❤あなたのおちんちん、お口ピストンに全然耐えられませんでした❤,Ufufu; look... Just like I said; you came so much~❤ Your penis couldn't endure my deepthroat/piston combo~❤ 
あと少しでとどめだったのにあなたのおかげで体力も元通り❤エナジーごちそうさまです❤くすくす❤,You had nearly defeated me; but thanks to you I got all my energy back~❤ Thanks for the mana~❤ Kuhuhu~❤    
ううっ、この人も強い…。,Ugh... This man is strong as well...
もしかするとあなたも胸にはあまり興味がないのですか？なら、そうですね、特別にお口で奉仕してさしあげるのはどうでしょう❤,Could it be that you're not very interested in breasts? If so; how about I offer a special service with my mouth instead?❤
わたしの服装、口元だけが見えるでしょう？そのせいか案外お口の行為を望む男性も少なくはないのです❤例えばさっきのあなたの仲間のように。くすくす❤,You can just barely see my mouth with the way I'm dressed; right? Because of that; there's no shortage of men who desire acts from my lips.❤ Like your comrade from earlier; for instance. Kuhuhu~❤
おちんちんが用意できた瞬間にたくさんなめしゃぶってあげますからね❤うふふ❤,The moment your penis is ready; I'll lavish it with licking and sucking to your hearts content.❤ Ufufu~❤,
あは❤あなたも誘惑に負けてしまうんですねぇ❤敵の前でおちんちんを自ら差し出すなんて、男の人って本当に愚か❤,Aha~❤ You've succumbed to temptation as well; haven't you? To offer up your penis before the enemy... Men truly are foolish.❤
「負けてもいい」って少しでも思ったら後はあっという間なんですよ❤心が無防備になった途端に快感は何倍にも膨れ上がる❤,The moment you think that "it's okay to lose"; you are already done for.❤ The pleasure you're experiencing will increase endlessly as soon as you let down your guard~❤ 
大きな声で喘いじゃってるあなたにはよーく分かるでしょう？堕落することの甘美な喜び…❤,You can hear how loudly you are moaning; can't you? This is the sweet bliss that allowing yourself to be corrupted gives...❤      
でも、それでいいんですよ❤男の人の理性なんて、んっ、ちゅぷ❤、気持ちいいことの前では、たいひて意味はないんですから❤強がらなくていいんです❤,Ufufu, but it's alright~❤ There's no need to worry~❤ A man's sanity is... Mnn; smoochhhh~❤ Nothing when compared to pure pleasure~❤ 
あと少しでとどめだったのに、あなたのおかげで体力も元通りです❤エナジーごちそうさまです❤くすくす❤,Just a little more and you would have finished me off; but thanks to you, my strength has fully restored.❤ Thank you for the energy. Kuhuhu~❤
相手の自滅で勝てるなんて楽な戦いでした❤エアパイズリ、次も見せてあげますよ？だから、また負けてくださいね❤くすくす❤,That was an easy victory; winning due to my opponent masturbating~❤ I'll show you my air paizuri again; so please lose to me next time as well~❤ Kuhuhu~❤
パイズリでたくさん気持ちよくなれてよかったですね❤わたしたちの教えの素晴らしさ、身をもって知ることができたでしょう？くすくす❤,I'm glad that you enjoyed my paizuri so much~❤ You now see how wonderful our teachings are; don't you? Kuhuhu~❤
シスターの使う女性モンスターに敗れた僕は、エナジーを奪われ膝をついて動けなくなっていた。,My energy drained by the beautiful monster Sister Maria had used against me; I collapsed to my knees; too weak to stand      
ううっ…。,Uugh...
教えの素晴らしさ、よく分かっていただけましたか？女の体はとっても気持ちのいいものでしょう？,Do you understand how wonderful our teachings are now? How the female form feels better than anything else?
女の体の柔らかさを存分に味わって、\nもう動けないようですね。,It appears having experienced the softness of a woman's body you can't move at all; can you?
あなたたち男性では、快楽には勝てない。どうしたって戦いには向いていないのです。,Men can't win against pleasure no matter how hard they try. Men are not suited for the battlefield.    
くっ、そんなことない…。,Guhhh... T-That's not true. 
ふふふ❤強がりですね。,Fufufu~❤ You're putting on a brave face; are you?
さっきは顔の前でエアパイズリされただけで負けてしまったのに…❤どうしてそんな言葉が出てくるんでしょうか❤くすくす❤,You came earlier from me merely showing off my air paizuri...❤ So why are you saying something like that now?❤ Kuhuhu~❤ 
大きなおっぱいを見るだけで、すぐに勃起してしまうような雑魚おちんちん❤そんなものをぶら下げている限り、男に勝利なんてないんですよ。,Your penis is incredibly weak. Look how erect it got from seeing my large breasts~❤ Men will never be able to win against girls as long as they have that piece of flesh hanging between their legs. 
わたしの胸でしごかれて、\nすぐに負けてしまうようなあなたの雑魚おちんちん❤\nそんなものをぶら下げている限り、男に勝利なんてないんですよ。,Your weak penis came so easily from being stroked by my large breasts.❤ Men will never be able to win against girls as long as they have that piece of flesh hanging between their legs.
ほら、強がっているくせにまだギンギンなままじゃないですか…❤早く負けたがっているおちんちんをこうして挟んであげれば…❤,Look, even though you're pretending to be tough, you're still so hard...❤ If I just squeeze this stubborn little thing like this...❤
はううっ…❤,Hahhh...❤
あっという間にかわいらしい声をあげてしまいますね❤くすくす❤,You'll let out an adorable little moan in no time~❤ Kuhuhu~❤,
男の人の口答えなんて、おっぱい一つで黙らせられちゃいます。しょせんその程度なんです❤,All it takes to silence a man is to squeeze them between a girl's breasts~❤
どうですかぁ❤おっぱい気持ちいいですかぁ？ちょっと上下に動かしてあげるだけで、もうおちんちん負けちゃいそうですかぁ❤,How does this feel?❤ Don't my breasts feel wonderful? All I have to do is move them up and down a bit and it makes your penis desperate to give in~❤    
あっ、ああっ…❤くぅう、このぐらいで…❤,A-Ahhh...❤ Guhhh; I won't give in from this...❤
へえ？それにしてはなんだか挟んでいる場所がヌルヌルしているんですけどぉ…❤これは何なんでしょうか。,Oh? You say that; but the space between my breasts is getting slippery... What could possibly be causing that?❤   
これまで何人もパイズリでイかせてきましたから、おちんちんがどう感じているか、よぉく分かるんですよ。おっぱいにズリズリされて気持ちいい、はやく射精したい❤って、震えていますねぇ❤,I've made countless men cum intensely from my paizuri; so I can tell how good a man's penis is feeling. And your penis is twitching about in an attempt to plead for me to hurry and rub my breasts up and down so it can finish happily~❤  
あなたの弱いところもよく分かります。例えばこの辺りをむぎゅっておっぱいで押しつぶしてあげればぁ…❤,I know all of your weaknesses. For example; when I squeeze this part of your penis between my ample breasts...❤   
ひっ、あぐぅっ…❤ふあああぁ…❤,Ayiee; aghh...❤ Ohh...❤     
うふふ❤腰がとろけちゃいそうですかぁ？気持ちいいですよねぇ❤,Ufufu~❤ Your waist feels like it is melting; doesn't it? It just feels so good~❤
あなたが感じてしまうところ、重点的にズリズリしてあげます❤ほらほらぁ❤,I'm going to focus on sliding my breasts up and down the most sensitive parts of your penis.❤ See? Let's begin~❤    
あひっ、や、やめて、そこはぁ、あひぃっ…❤,Ahii... S-Stop thattt... I-If you do that...❤ 
くすくす❤たまらないですか？こんな気持ちよさ初めてですか？,Ahaha~❤ You can't take it; can you? Have you ever felt anything as amazing as this before? 
弱いところばっかり責められると頭の中まっしろになっちゃいますよね。もう何も考えられないですよね❤,Your mind is going blank as I torment your weak spots; isn't it? You can't think about anything else~❤  
それでいいんですよ。全部忘れて、全部委ねて、気持ちよさにぐちゃぐちゃにとろかされちゃってください❤,Don't worry about it though. Please; forget about everything and allow my pleasure paizuri execution to melt your mind away~❤         
戦いのことなんて、どっちだってよくなりますよ…❤ほら、ほら、ほらぁ❤,Things will be better after this battle either way~❤ Here; allow me to continue...❤  
あふっ、ああっ…❤あひぃぇっ…❤,Ohh; ahh...❤ Ahii...❤   
おっぱいに負けてください❤弱いところ責められて、瞬殺されちゃってください❤ほら、イケ❤出しちゃえ❤,Please; surrender to my breasts~❤ Cum quickly as I focus on your weakest spots~❤ It's okay; cum~❤ Cum!❤    
あっ、ああっ、で、出るぅ…❤はひぇっ…❤,Ahh; ahhh! I-I'm going to cummm~❤ Ahii...❤     
ふふふ❤たっぷり出ましたね❤パイズリ気持ちよかったでしょう？,Fufufu~❤ You came so much.❤ Did you enjoy my paizuri skills?   
これで改めて証明できたんじゃないですか？あなたたち男性は、快楽には勝てない…❤,I've proven it once more; haven't I? That fact that men like you can't defy pleasure...❤ 
戦いに向けた強い意志があったとしても、こんな脂肪の塊でこすられたぐらいで、すぐに腰砕け❤なんて頼りない存在なのでしょうか。,No matter how strong your will to fight is; all it takes is for a girl to rub your cock between her breasts a little; and your willpower is shattered.❤ Doesn't that make you all rather unreliable?
しかし、わたしたちの教えでは、そんな情けない存在に対しても、慈愛をもって接するようにと教えています❤,However; our religion's teachings tell us to treat your pitiful sex with love and compassion.❤
あなたはどうしたいですか？慈愛をもって接してほしいですか？こんな風に優しく愛されたいですか？,How about it? Do you want to be treated with compassion? Do you want to be gently loved and tormented like this?
彼女はそう言うと、胸を軽く手で押しながら優しくゆっくりと揺さぶってきた。,As she spoke; beautiful woman gently squeezed her tits together and shook them.
とろけるような快感が流れ、全身が脱力してしまう。そんな僕を見ながら、彼女は優しげに言葉をつづける。,A mind-melting amount of pleasure flowed through me as she did so; my body quickly growing weaker and weaker. Seeing the state I was in; the woman continued speaking to me in a motherly tone. 
慈しまれ、やさしさに包まれて生きるのはとても素敵ですよ❤さあ、あなたのこれまでとはお別れしましょう。わたしたちの教えに帰依して新しいあなたに生まれ変わりましょう。,Living a life surrounded by kindness and compassion is pure bliss~❤ Now; please say goodbye to your past; and allow yourself to be reborn as a new devotee to our teachings.
戦いなんてやめて、平穏に暮らすのです。それが一番の幸せ。そうですよね？,Stop fighting and live a peaceful life. That's the happiest outcome for any man; wouldn't you agree?
う、ううっ❤それはぁっ❤,U-Uhhh❤ T-That is...❤
抵抗のそぶりなんて無駄です。さっき教えましたよね。男の人の意志なんておっぱいに簡単に負けてしまうって。,There's no point in trying to resist. I already told you... A man's willpower is all too easily broken by a girl's breasts.    
ほら、またおっぱいをたくさん動かしちゃいますよ…❤,Look; I'll start roughly shaking my breasts once more~❤   
あ、ああっ❤気持ちいいっ、だめなのにっ❤,A-Ahhh!❤ That feels so amazing. B-But I-I mustn't... Oooohhh~❤
うふふ❤何もダメじゃありません。これでいいのです。,Ufufu~❤ There's nothing you mustn't do here. Just accept it.
あなたはわたしに処刑されました。わたしの快楽によって塗りつぶされて、これまでのあなたはもういなくなりました。,You have been executed by me. You are no longer the man you used to be. Your past self has been rewritten by the heavenly pleasure of my bouncy breasts.
だから、たくさん甘えていいのです。気持ちよさに、すべて委ねしまっていいのです❤,So allow yourself to be spoiled by me. Give everything up and drown in ecstasy.❤
ほら、またあなたの弱いところを責めてあげます❤おっぱいでぎゅって圧力をかけながら何度もこすられて、気持ちいいですよね？腰が浮きそうですよね？,Look; I'll torment your weak spots just like I did before~❤ It feels heavenly to be stroked again and again as I squeeze my breasts tightly around you; doesn't it? Do your hips feel like they are floating on thin air?
さあ、さあ、たくさん腰を突き出してください。あなたが求めれば、求めた分だけ愛を与えましょう。快楽でおかしくしてあげましょう❤,Come on; that's it~ Thrust your hips as much as you like. I'll give you all the love and affection you could ever ask for. I'll drive you mad with pleasure~❤  
あひぃっ❤あへぇ…❤こしが、とまらないっ…❤あうう❤,Ahii❤ Oohhhh...❤ I-I can't stop!❤ Ahhh!❤
それでいいんですよ❤ほら、ほら❤もっと気持ちよくなりなさい❤頭の中を真っ白にしてしまいなさい❤,That's perfectly okay~❤ Come on; come on~❤ I'll make you feel even better~❤ Let your mind go blank from pure bliss~❤     
何も考えず、女の与える快楽に身をゆだねること。それこそがわたしたちの教えの説く、男性の幸福ですよ。,Not thinking of anything and surrendering to the pleasure that women can so easily give. That is the ultimate happiness that our religion teaches.
血なまぐさい戦いも、勝利や名誉への渇望も、すべて男には不要なものなのです❤腰を振って女にすがる、それだけでいいのです❤,Striving for honor and victory amongst bloody fights is meaningless for men~❤ All you need to do is shake your hips while clinging to women~❤  
さあ、また果ててください。わたしの谷間の中で、男の弱さを証明してください❤,Now; please cum again. Prove how weak men are by pouring out all your seed inside my cleavage~❤
おっぱいを優しく揺さぶってあげますからね❤ほら、ほら…❤イケ❤雑魚チンポ❤,I'll gently shake my breasts to finish you off~❤ Come on; that's right~❤ Cum~❤ Let your weak penis explode.❤  
あへぇ…❤ううっ、出るぅ❤,Ahi...❤ Uhhh; I'm cumming!❤
こうして僕は気絶するまで精を搾りとられてしまったのだった。,And so; the Paizuri Executioner continued milking me until I passed out.
冒険をあきらめますか？,Do you want to give up on your adventure?
その後、僕はすっかり戦う意思を失ってしまった。そして…。,After that experience; I completely lost my will to fight... 
うふふ、すっかり敬虔な信徒になってしまいましたね。いつものようにお祈りに来れて偉いですよ❤,Ufufu; you've become a completely devout follower. It's wonderful that you came to pray once more.❤     
わたしのマスターも、あなたの帰依を喜んでいます。こうしてたまにわたしを召喚して、あなたに会わせてあげるのがその証拠です。,My master is also pleased with your devotion. The fact that she occasionally summons me so that we can meet is proof of that.
あら…？よく見たら指のギルドリングを捨てたのですか？そうですか、ふふ。もう上のランクを目指すことをやめたのですね❤,What's this...? Now that I look more closely; I can't see that guild ring on your finger anymore. Fufu; I see. So you've also stopped trying to climb the ranks.❤         
自ら戦いを放棄するとは素晴らしい心がけです❤さあ、そこに横になりなさい。,It's wonderful that you've given up on trying to fight.❤ Now; please lie down over there.
熱心なあなたに、今日も慈愛を分け与えましょう❤わたしのパイズリで、あなたの心が幸福に包まれるように。くすくす❤,I shall share my affection with you like always~❤ I'll fill your heart with happiness using my paizuri skills~❤ Kuhuhu~❤
あひぃっ…❤ありがとうございます…❤❤,Ahii...❤ Thank you so muchhh...❤❤    
妹のために強くなるという目的も忘れ、ただただ彼女に甘えるだけの日々。,Having forgotten my desire to become stronger for my sister's sake; I spent my days being pampered by the Paizuri Executioner.    
もはや僕の目にはかつてのような強い意志はない。ただ彼女に会うために神殿への寄付金を稼ぎ、時間を浪費していくだけである。,The strong will that my eyes had once held was gone. Day after day; all I did was spend time with this woman; donate money to the temple; and waste my time until our next meeting.
こうして僕の物語はむなしくその幕を閉じたのだった。,Thus; my story came to a pointless end...
