default
ポイズンラミア,Poison Lamia
砂漠にすむ毒使いのラミア。自分の体内で調合した毒物を薄い霧状にして相手に吹き付ける。毒の中にはわずかながら彼女のフェロモンが含まれており、男性の方が無意識に深く吸い込んでしまうため重症になりやすい。彼女と口づけをすれば毒を深く肺に送り込まれてしまうため、甘い言葉で誘惑されたとしても口づけだけは許してはならない。,A desert-dwelling lamia who uses poison to capture her prey. Toxins brew within her body; which she blows at her opponents in a fine mist. Her poison contains a small concentration of her pheromones; which causes men who carelessly breathe them in to become susceptible to her attacks. Any who kiss her will be forced to inhale her poison deep into their lungs. No matter how tempting her sweet words are; you must never accept a kiss from her.
特性：「凍結弱点」\n[1].このカードが特殊召喚に成功した時、または相手モンスターを破壊したとき発動する。相手プレイヤーに「毒(400)」を付与する。,Characteristics: "Freeze Weakness" [1]. Activate this effect when this card is successfully special summoned or when an opponent's monster is destroyed. Inflict "Poison (400)" on your opponent.
[2].戦闘時に相手に「毒」(300)を付与する。,[2]. During battle; inflict "Poison (300)" on the opponent.
HPが50%以下になると戦闘時10%の確率でぱふぱふ攻撃をし、相手へ拘束攻撃を行う。,When HP falls below 50% during battle; there is a 10% chance to perform a "Puff-puff" attack; restraining the opponent.
EU38_pafupafu,
蛇の力からは逃げられない。ほら・・・❤,You can't escape the strength of a snake. Come here...❤
おっぱいの甘い匂いだけを吸っていなさい。動かなくなるまでぎゅっと締めあげてあげる・・・❤,Just keep breathing in the sweet scent of my breasts. I'll hold you tight so you can't get away...❤
ねえ、このベールの向こうがどうなっているか気になる？\n例えばわたしの舌・・・❤\nとっても長くてセクシーなのよ。,Hey; are you curious about what's behind my veil? Like my tongue; perhaps...?❤ It's so long and erotic!
ペニスに巻き付けてじゅるるってしゃぶってあげれば、\n男はみな悶絶しちゃう気持ちよさ❤\n実際に舐めて味合わせてあげる❤,If I suck a man's cock with my tongue coiled around him; the pleasure is enough to leave him in ecstasy~❤ I'll give your cock a small taste of that feeling by licking it.❤
ラミア種のフェラはどれも絶品よ。\nわたしの口は特にそう❤\n腰が抜けてアヘアへになっちゃうぐらい気持ちいいの❤,All lamia have exquisite oral skills! Evan among my kind; I am especially talented in using my mouth.❤ It feels so good that your legs will go weak and you'll be left in an utter daze~❤
ベール越しに何をされているのかよく分からない状態でしゃぶられて、\n全身が骨抜きになるような快感にあえぐ❤\nあなたもすぐに口に精を吐き出すわ。うふふ❤,As your sucked from behind my veil; not knowing what's truly being done to you; you'll be left moaning helplessly; your entire body melting from the pleasure~❤ You'll release your essence into my mouth in no time; just like all the rest. Ufufu~❤
口でしゃぶられてどれだけ耐えられるかしら。あーん❤,I wonder just how long you can endure my mouth. Ah~❤
じゅるるっ、じゅぷっ❤える、れろっ❤、んふふ❤わたしの舌技、心ゆくまで楽しみなさい❤,Slurp; slurp~❤ Lick~❤ Nfufu~❤ I'll let you enjoy my skilled tongue to your heart's content.❤
あら、敵に向かっておねだり？\nずいぶんとカッコ悪い負け方をしてしまうのね❤くすくす❤,Oh my; begging your enemy for pleasure? That's a rather uncool way to lose; don't you think?❤ *Giggle*❤
わたしに何度も毒の息を吹きかけられて、\n体がムラムラして仕方ないのよね❤いいのよ、みんなそうやって\n理性を失って懇願するの。あなただけじゃないわ❤,Your whole body is tingling from breathing my poisonous breath over and over again; isn't it?❤ It's alright. Everyone ends up losing their reason and begging me eventually. You're far from the only one~❤
どうやってエナジーを食べられたいのかしら。\n口で直接なめられたい？それともわたしの胸に顔をあずけて、\nたっぷり甘やかされたい？言ってみなさい❤,How would you like me to consume your energy? Would you prefer the direct pleasure of my oral talents? Or would you rather rest your face in my chest and be thoroughly pampered? Say it. Out loud~❤
恍惚の巻きつきぱふぱふ,Ecstatic Entwined Puff-Puff
蛇の妖艶フェラ,Serpent's Seductive Fellatio
なんでも,You decide
くす❤わたしに締め付けられながら、顔をおっぱいに埋められたいの？\nうふふ❤そんなに絡みつかれたいなら、いいわ、やってあげる❤,*Giggle*❤ You want me to hold you against my body while you bury your face in my breasts? Ufufu~❤ If you are so desperate to be entwined with me; very well. I would be happy to accommodate.❤
わたしの口であなたのペニスを捕食してほしいの？\nいいわ、この長い蛇の舌で、\nすぐにエナジーを搾り取ってあげる❤,You wish to have me devour your cock? Very well. My long; snake-like tongue will have your energy extracted in no time~❤
うふふ❤わたしの中で、ペニスが脈打ってる❤\n全身を包み込まれてぎゅうぎゅう締め付けられて\nとても気持ちよかったでしょう？,Ufufu~❤ I can feel your cock pulsing against me.❤ Didn't it feel so wonderful having your entire body wrapped up and squeezed so tightly?
胴を締め付ける蛇体に体が悲鳴をあげても、\nその分顔を甘やかされれば、抵抗もできずに果ててしまう❤\n男の子って単純で面白いわよね。くすくす❤,No matter how your body might scream from being constricted; if I pamper your face sweetly like this; you'll succumb without any resistance~❤ *Giggle*❤
ふふ、見なさい、口の中にあなたのエナジーがたくさん❤\nほら、全部飲んであげる❤\nごくん・・・❤,Fufu; look; you offered my mouth so much of your energy~❤ Here; I'll drink it all at once.❤ Gulp...❤
あら自分の魔力が食べられてることに興奮してるの？\nそんなに食べてほしいならあなたの体ごと丸呑みしてあげようかしら。\nくす、嘘よ、嘘❤,Oh my; does watching your magic power get consumed excite you? If you're so desperate to be devoured; should I perhaps just swallow you whole? *Giggle* I'm only teasing~❤
毒の息を吸わせてあげるわ。ふぅー・・・❤,Breathe deep of my poison breath. Phew...❤
うぐ、はうぅっ・・・❤,Ugh; haah...❤
ふふ。猛毒なのに、吸うのをやめられないでしょう？\n甘い香りがして、男は無意識にこれを吸ってしまうのよ。,Fufu. Despite knowing my breath is highly toxic; you can't stop breathing it in; can you? It has a sweet fragrance that lures men to inhale it without even realizing!
肺の奥まで毒で蝕まれて、おかしくなっていきなさい。\nくすくす❤,Take my poison deep into your lungs and let it drive you mad. *Giggle*❤
ほら、また吸わせてあげる。ふぅー・・・❤,Here; I'll offer you another taste. Phew...❤
うっ、はうぅっ・・・❤,Ohh; haa...❤
ふふ。体はきつくなるばかりなのに、\nどんどんやめられなくなっちゃうわね。\nわたしの甘い香り、もっと吸いたい？,Fufu. Even as the poison seeps in and makes your body tense and tighten; you can't seem to stop breathing it in; can you?? Are you so desperate to inhale as much of my sweet scent as you can?
満足するまで毒の息を吸っていいわよ。\nそんなことしたら、あなたは廃人になっちゃうけれど。\nくすくす❤,That's it. Breathe in my poisonous breath until you're fully satisfied! Let it leave you an empty shell of your former self. *Giggle*❤
ほら、何度でも毒を吸わせてあげる。ふぅー・・・❤,Here; I'll offer you my poison as many times as you'd like. Phew...❤
ううっ、あうぅっ・・・❤,Ugh; ahh...❤
もう毒でふらふらなんでしょ？\n立つのもきついでしょうに、そんなに一生懸命口と鼻から息を吸って・・・❤\nわたしの甘い香り、もっと吸いたい？,You're already so dizzy from my poison; aren't you? It must be tough to even stand at this point; and yet you're trying so hard to breathe in all that you can...❤ Do you truly wish to inhale my sweet scent even more?
ペニスがびくびくしてるわね❤もう限界でしょ？\nこのままわたしのお腹に射精なさい❤,Your penis is twitching; isn't it?❤ Have you finally reached your limit? In that case; go on; cum against my stomach~❤
そんなに暴れなくても良いのに❤やわらかいおっぱいとあまーい匂いに包まれたせいであなたのペニスはとても苦しそうよ？,There's no need to hold back.❤ Between my soft breasts and sweet scent; isn't your penis in agony; desperate for release?
まだ匂いが鼻に残っているでしょう❤もう一度わたしのおっぱいの匂いを嗅ぎに捕まってみない？次は射精するまで、ね❤,My scent is still lingering in your nose; isn't it?❤ Why not allow me to capture you again so you can smell my breasts one more time? Next time; I'll hold you until you cum; okay?❤
わたしのおっぱい、柔らかいでしょ❤　むにゅむにゅ❤,My breasts are soft; aren't they?❤ They're so wonderfully squishy~❤
暴れないで❤　ゆっくり息を吸って、わたしの匂いを感じて❤,Don't struggle~❤ Breathe deep and let my scent wash over you~❤
優しく抱きしめてあげる❤　ほら、力を抜いて・・・❤,I'll hold you close.❤ Here; just relax...❤
ぱふぱふ❤ぱふぱふ❤,Puff-puff~❤ Puff-puff~❤
あなたの鼻息、荒くなってるのバレバレよ❤,I can tell you're enjoying this; your heavy breathing makes it obvious!❤
目元がだらしなくゆるんでるわよ❤　もっとしてあげる・・・❤,Your eyes have gotten so droopy and relaxed!❤ I'll keep going for you...❤
お腹に固いペニスが当たってる❤　ねぇ、射精してもいいのよ❤,I can feel your hard cock pressing against my stomach.❤ It's alright; cum for me!❤
腰を動かしたら、ペニスが擦れて気持ちいいわよ❤　動いてみて❤,If you move your hips now; your penis rubbing against me would feel amazing!❤ Go on; try~❤
自分から顔を押し付けて❤　谷間の奥まで顔が沈んで気持ちいいわよ❤,You're pressing your face in on your own~❤ It must feel wonderful letting your face sink between my breasts!❤
このまま射精しても誰にもバレないわよ❤　こっそり出しちゃいましょう❤,If you came now; no one would have to know!❤ Let it out~❤ It'll be our little secret.
苦しい？　それとも気持ちいい？　どっちもよね❤,Is it painful? Does it feel good? Maybe... both?❤
ライフに余裕があるうちにおっぱいの感触を心ゆくまで楽しむといいわ❤,You should enjoy the feeling of my breasts to your heart's content while you still have life points to spare~❤
試合なんて諦めてこのまま射精しましょう？とっても気持ちいいはずよ❤,Why not give up on the match and just let it all out like this? It would feel so wonderful!❤
このままおっぱいに負けてしまっても大丈夫❤他にも仲間がいるんだから❤,It's alright to let yourself lose to my breasts~❤ There are others fighting beside you.❤
戦いなんて他の仲間に任せて楽になりましょう❤,Leave the fighting to your allies and just relax~❤
たっぷりフェロモン吸って、目がとろーんとしてるわよ❤うふふ❤,You've absorbed so much of my pheromones; and your eyes have become so unfocused!❤ Ufufu~❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ah; ahh...
ふふ…❤\nわたしをじっと見つめながらペニスをしごきはじめて・・・。\nなんてみっともない姿❤,Fufu...❤ It seems you've begun to stroke yourself while staring so intently at me... What a shameful sight~❤
顔を胸に包まれて、\nあまーい匂いをたくさん吸ったら無理もないわ❤\nわたしを見てるだけで胸がドキドキするのでしょう？,No doubt you couldn't help but breathe in my sweet scent when your face was buried in my chest~❤ Why; just looking at me makes your heart race now; doesn't it?
わたしのフェラ。気持ちよすぎちゃったのかしら❤\nせっかく耐えることができたのに、\n射精したくて頭がおかしくなってしまったようね❤くすくす❤,It seems my fellatio must have felt wonderful~❤ You were holding out so well; but it appears I left you desperate to cum.❤ *Giggle*❤
ほら、もっとドキドキさせてあげる❤\nふぅ～・・・❤,Here; let me make your heart race even more~❤ Phew...❤
どうかしら？わたしの毒の息は❤\n体を弱らせる危険な毒なのに、\nなぜか男はみな、わたしの息を「甘い」って言うの。,What do you think of my poisonous breath?❤ It's a dangerous toxin that weakens the body; yet for some reason; all the men say it smells 'sweet.'
まるで匂いだけで脳がとろけるようで、\n吸っているうちに頭がふわふわして・・・❤\nふふ、顔を見る限り、あなたもそうなっているみたいね。,It's as if their brain melts just from the smell alone; and inhaling it leaves their heads light and fuzzy...❤ Fufu; judging by the look on your face; it seems you're feeling the same way right about now.
肺が苦しいでしょう？\n熱くなって、ひりひりじりじり…❤\nそれなのに甘く感じられて吸うのをやめられない。,Are your lungs starting to hurt? My poison leaves them feeling hot; tingling and burning...❤ Even so; it smells so sweet you just can't stop breathing it in.
ほら、ふぅ～・・・❤,Look; phew~...❤
あぐっ、あうあぁっ・・・❤ふぅ、はぁぁ・・・❤,Ugh; ahh...❤ Phew; haaa...❤
くす❤両手でペニスをしごきながら、必死に息を吸っちゃって❤\n毒だって言っているのに、バカみたい❤,*Giggle*❤ You're gasping for breath so desperately while stroking yourself with both hands.❤ Despite my warning that my breath is poisonous; you keep foolishly wanting more~❤
チンポがいつもより気持ちいいのよね？\nわたしの息でムラムラして、チンポも数倍敏感になって、\n手を動かすたび腰が抜けそうなぐらいの快感が上がってくる❤,Your cock feels better than usual; doesn't it? My breath excites men and makes their cocks more and more sensitive. I'm sure by now every time you move your hand; the pleasure rises to the point where it feels like your hips might give out.❤
それだけじゃない。\nわたしのことが最初よりも数段魅力的に見えてくる❤\n恋心がどんどんどんどん湧いてきちゃう❤,But that's not all it does. You'll start to see me as much more attractive than before; as well.❤ Your loving feelings for me will keep bubbling higher and higher~❤
敵の女モンスター相手にそんな状態になったら危険でしょ？\n今すぐ吸うのをやめた方がいいわ…❤,It would be dangerous to let yourself fall into such a state against an enemy monster; don't you think? You should probably stop breathing in my poison...❤
ね？そう思うでしょ？\nふぅ～・・・❤,Right? You think so too; don't you? Phew...❤
はひぃっ、だめ、もっと、もっとぉ・・・❤,Hah; no... M-more; more...❤
くすくす❤おねだりしながら一生懸命しごいちゃって❤\n昇格戦をかけた大事な試合なのに、\n敵モンスターの息で手玉に取られて、なんて情けないマスターかしら。,*Giggle*❤ You're begging me while working yourself so hard~❤ You know how important this match is; and yet you let yourself get made a fool of by the enemy monster's breath. What a pathetic master you are.
くすくす❤おねだりしながら一生懸命しごいちゃって❤\n女の子の息なんかで手玉に取られちゃうなんて、\n上級モンスターのくせになんて情けないのかしら。,*Giggle*❤ You're begging me while working yourself so hard~❤ To be made a fool by a girl's breath... How pathetic for a high-level monster like yourself.
くすくす❤おねだりしながら一生懸命しごいちゃって❤\n女の子の息なんかで手玉に取られちゃうなんて、\nなんて情けないのかしら。,*Giggle*❤ You're begging me while working yourself so hard~❤ To be made a fool by a girl's breath... How pathetic can you get?
それじゃあそろそろ、わたしにエナジーをちょうだい？\nしごいて…、しごいて…、頭真っ白にしながら\nわたしに向けてエナジーを射精するの❤,Well then; why don't you just hurry up and offer your energy to me? Stroke it... Faster... Offer your energy to me as your mind goes blank~❤
ほら、わたしの顔を見て…❤\nこの顔好きでしょ？くすくす❤,Look at me...❤ You think I'm cute; don't you? *Giggle*❤
あっ、ああ・・・❤可愛い・・・❤好き・・・❤,Ah; ah...❤ So cute...❤ I... I love you...❤
ありがとう、とても嬉しいわ❤\nそれじゃあ、ほら微笑んであげる❤\nわたしに見とれながら、いっぱい出しなさい❤,Thank you. It makes me so happy to hear you say that~❤ Alright then; here. I'll smile for you.❤ Admire my beauty and let it all out~❤
はひぃ、かわいいよぉ…❤はああっ、ああっ・・・❤,Hah hah... Y-You're so cute...!❤ I... Haaah; aaah!❤
あひぃっ…❤,Ahh...❤
んふ❤たっぷりとエナジーの詰まった精液❤\nありがとね。好きな人の役に立てて幸せでしょう？,Mmm~❤ Your semen is filled with so much delicious energy~❤ Thank you. Aren't you happy you could help the person you love so much?
試合中なのに誘惑に負けて\nオナニーしてしまうなんてマスター失格ね。\nそんな実力じゃ上のランクに上がれるはずないわ。ご愁傷様❤,Giving in to temptation and masturbating in the middle of a match is so unbecoming of a master. With that level of skill; there's no way you could ever move into the higher ranks. You have my pity.❤
他の人も近くに来なさい。\n毒の息を顔に吹き付けて、\nメロメロにしてから搾り取ってあげる❤,Everyone else gather around. I'll blow my poisonous breath on your face and make you all lovestruck with me before I drain you dry~❤
ふふふ❤わたしの毒の息を吸って、\n我慢できなくなっちゃった？\n目がぼんやりしてきてるわよ。,Fufufu~❤ Did inhaling my poisonous breath leave you unable to resist any longer? Your eyes are starting to get so hazy!
約束通り幸せな射精をさせてあげるわ❤\nふぅ～・・・❤わたしの毒の息、もう一度ちゃんと吸いなさい❤,As promised; I'll grant you a blissful orgasm.❤ Phew...❤ Breathe in my poisonous breath once more. Properly this time~❤
ふふふ❤あなたもオナニーしたくなったの？\nそう、いいこね・・・❤,Fufufu~❤ DO you wish to masturbate for me as well? That's it; what a good boy...❤
約束通り幸せな射精をさせてあげるわ❤\nふぅ～・・・❤わたしの毒の息、ちゃんと吸いなさい❤,As promised; I'll grant you a blissful orgasm.❤ Phew...❤ Breathe in my poisonous breath nice and deep~❤
あぐうっ、ああっ・・・❤なにこれぇ・・・❤あひぃっ・・・❤,Agh; ahh...❤ What is this...❤ Ahh...❤
あっという間にとろけ顔ね❤口で思いっきり毒を吸いながら、\n両手はペニスをシコシコ❤シコシコ❤\n嬉しそうにオナニーをしちゃって…男って本当に単純❤,Your expression melted in an instant~❤ Now; I want you to stroke your cock hard for me while breathing in my poison.❤ Harder~❤ You look so happy masturbating like this... Men are such simple creatures.❤
毒でおかしくされているだけなのに、その表情、\nまるで恋人でも見るみたいな目よ？,Despite the fact you've just been poisoned; the way you look at me is like how one looks at a lover~
体が熱くなって、胸が苦しくなって、\n毒に混じったほんのちょっとの媚薬成分で体中がムラムラして・・・❤,My poison makes your skin get hot and your chest feel tight. With just a tiny bit of aphrodisiac mixed in; your whole body starts to tingle...❤
わたしの顔を見ながらシコシコするたびに、\n脳がそれを勝手に「好き」だと勘違いしちゃう…❤,Every time you look at my face in a state like that; your brain mistakes that feeling for 'love'...❤
シコシコして血液がたくさん流れれば、\n血流にのってどんどん毒も体に回っていく…❤\nシコシコ、シコシコ…♪,As your heart races; your blood pumps quicker and quicker; allowing the toxins to spread throughout your entire body...❤ Bu-bump... Bu-bump...♪
はぁ、はぁ・・・❤ううっ・・・❤,Hah; hah...❤ Ugh...❤
とてもとろーんとした目になってるわ❤\nわたしの顔、好きでしょ？ほら、もっと近くで見せてあげる。\nわたしのあまーい匂いがわかるくらいまで❤,Your eyes are getting so dreamy.❤ You like my face; don't you? Here; I'll let you gaze upon me up close. Until you can smell my sweet scent~❤
ふぅ～・・・❤,Phew...❤
はひぃっ・・・❤あううっ・・・❤,Haah...❤ Ahh...❤
これだけ近いと毒の息をどんどん浴びちゃうわね❤\nもう一回、ふぅ～・・・❤,When we're this close; you won't be able to avoid my toxic breath~❤ One more time. Phew...❤
ありがとう、とても嬉しいわ❤\nならあなたもわたしのお願い聞いてくれるわよね❤,Thank you; I'm so happy to hear that.❤ Then you'll listen to my request too; won't you?❤
さっきの仲間みたいに根こそぎエナジーを頂戴？\n一生懸命我慢して、限界まで溜めたエナジー、\n全部わたしに飲ませて欲しいの❤,Won't you please offer all of your energy to me; just like your friend from earlier? The energy you've desperately held back and built up to your very limit. Let me drink every last drop~❤
ほら、胸で受け止めてあげる❤\n好きってうわごとのように言いながら、\nぴゅっぴゅって精液出してしまいなさい？くすくす❤,Here; I'll catch it on my chest~❤ Cum for me while you mumble your love for me like a mantra; okay? *Giggle*❤
あひぃっ…❤好きぃ…❤,Ahh...❤ I love you...❤
んふ❤あなたもたっぷりとエナジーの詰まった精液を出せたわね❤\n幸せそうな顔で倒れて・・・\n揃いも揃って馬鹿みたい。,Mmm~❤ You released so much energy-filled semen too; didn't you?❤ Giving in with such a big smile on your face... You all look so foolish.
試合中なのに誘惑に負けて\nオナニーしてしまうなんてマスター失格よ。\nそんな実力じゃ上のランクに上がれるはずないわ。ご愁傷様❤,Giving in to temptation and masturbating in the middle of a match is so unbecoming of a master! With that level of skill; there's no way you could ever move into the higher ranks. You have my pity.❤
他の男もオナニーがしたくなったら言いなさい❤\n馬鹿にしたお詫びに、\n幸せの中で気持ちいい射精をさせてあげる❤,If any other guys want to masturbate too; please step forward.❤ As an apology for mocking all of you; I'll happily offer you a blissful orgasm as well~❤
（ここまでわたしのフェロモンに耐えるなんて・・・\nもう一押しのはずなのに）,(He's endured my pheromones for so long... One last push is all it should take now.)
ねぇ、このままわたしを倒してもいいの？\n本当は別の事がしたいんじゃないかしら。よーく考えて・・・❤,Hey; are you truly alright with ending me like this? Isn't there something else you desire? Think hard...❤
たとえば、このおっぱいに顔を埋めてみたい❤\nそんな風には思わない？\nわたし、あなたみたいな強い人が好みなの❤,Perhaps; for example; you wish to bury your face between my breasts.❤ Doesn't that sound nice? I like big; strong men like you~❤
だからあなたが満足するまでぱふぱふさせて欲しいの。\nほら、わたしの胸の中に・・・❤,So I want you to enjoy my body to your heart's content. Here; just picture it...❤
胸から視線を離してとどめを刺した,I tore my gaze away from her chest and delivered the final blow.
おっぱいに見とれてしまった,'They look soft... And inviting...'
そんな・・・意思が強いのね・・・。,Oh my... Such willpower...
くす❤捕まえた❤ぎゅ～っ❤,*Giggle*❤ Caught you!❤ Let me hold you tight~❤
し、しまっ…あぁっ❤,D-damn... Ahh!❤
これで形勢逆転ね❤もう離さないわよ❤このままあなたをおっぱいに埋もれさせてあげる・・・❤,With this; the tables have turned!❤ I won't let you go anymore~❤ I'll hug you tight and let you sink deep into my breasts...❤
むにゅむにゅ❤顔がおっぱいに埋もれて気持ちいいでしょう❤,Squish~❤ Isn't it nice; having your face buried in my breasts?❤
でもそれだけだと逃げられちゃう。だから、ふぅ～❤ふぅ～❤おっぱいの谷間、わたしのフェロモンで満たしてあげる❤,But if that's all I do; you might escape. So; phew~❤ Phew~❤ I'll fill my cleavage with pheromones.❤
あっ❤ああっ・・・❤この匂い・・・❤,Ah!❤ Ahh...❤ This scent...❤
そうそう❤大きく息を吸って・・・❤とろーんとしたいい顔になってきたわね❤もっともーっと吸ってぇ❤そうしたらとっても素直になれるから❤,That's right.❤ Take a deep breath...❤ You look so happy; and you're finally starting to relax; aren't you?❤ Breathe it all in~❤ Let your body be honest with me.❤
ああ・・・❤気持ちいい・・・❤好きになっちゃう・・・❤,Ah...❤ It feels good...❤ I'm starting to fall in love...❤
嬉しい、ありがとう❤あなたの素直な気持ちが聞けて良かったわ❤うふふ、すっかり脱力して・・・こうなったら後は搾り取るだけね❤,Thank you~❤ I'm glad to hear your honest feelings.❤ Ufufu; and now that you're completely relaxed... all that's left is to squeeze you dry~❤
あなたの大好きなおっぱい❤たっぷり堪能させてあげるわ❤でも直ぐに射精したらダメよ？エナジーをたくさんため込んでから射精して欲しいの❤,I know how much you love my breasts.❤ I'll let you enjoy them to until the very end~❤ But I don't want you to cum right away; okay? I want you to build up a lot of energy before you let it all out for me~❤
あなたの顔におっぱいを擦りつけてあげる❤上下にむにゅむにゅ❤左右にむにゅむにゅ❤うふふ、ペニスがびくびくして喜んでる❤,I'll rub your face between my breasts.❤ Up and down; squish squish~❤ And squeeze~❤ Ufufu; your penis is so happy I can feel it twitching~❤
ねぇ、お腹に当たってるペニス❤自分でわたしのお腹に擦りつけてみて？絶対に気持ちいいから❤ほら、早く❤,Hey; I have an idea.❤ Why don't you try rubbing your penis against my stomach? It would feel so good.❤ Come on; hurry~❤
ああっ…❤これっ…❤ヤバ・・・❤,Ahh...❤ This...❤ Oh no...❤
あはは❤腰をヘコヘコさせて擦りつける気持ち良さ、知っちゃったね❤もう腰が止まらない❤逃げられないように全身しめつけられてるのに、腰だけ必死に動かして・・・❤,Ahaha~❤ You've realized just how good it feels to grind your hips against me; haven't you?❤ Now you can't stop~❤ While the rest of your body is being restrained to keep you from escaping; your hips are moving so desperately...❤
自分からおっぱいに思いっきり顔を埋めてみて❤あん❤すごい鼻息❤もう戦うことなんて覚えてないじゃない❤男って本当に単純・・・❤,Try burying your face between my breasts as hard as you can.❤ Ah~❤ What wonderfully deep breaths you're taking~❤ You don't even remember how to fight anymore; do you?❤ Men are truly simple creatures...❤
チンポがもう限界？それじゃあ最後に深呼吸して❤た～っぷり肺の奥までわたしのフェロモンでいっぱいにして、イキなさい❤,Is your penis already at its limit? Then take one last deep breath.❤ Fill your lungs to the brim with my pheromones and cum~❤
あへぇ……❤好き❤好きぃ……❤,Ahee...❤ I love you!❤ I love you so much......❤
うふふ❤なんて情けない姿なのかしら❤好き好きっていいながらお腹に無駄打ち・・・❤,Ufufu~❤ Declaring your love for me while shooting your seed onto my stomach...❤ What a pathetic sight you are.❤
やはり男の人はおっぱいの誘惑に抗えないものなのね❤ぱふぱふされたいからって隙だらけになるなんて、マスター失格よ❤,As expected; men truly can't resist being tempted by breasts~❤ To let your guard down just because you want to be pampered... You're not fit to be a master!❤
やはり男の人はおっぱいの誘惑に抗えないものなのね❤あなたのお陰で傷も回復したし、次の人もわたしのぱふぱふで魅了してあげるわ❤,As expected; men truly can't resist being tempted by breasts~❤ Thanks to you; my wounds have all healed; and I'll no doubt charm the next person with my puff-puff; too~❤
くぅ、またわたしが追い詰められるなんて・・・。実力は確かなようね。,Ugh; to think I would be cornered again... You appear to be quite skilled.
でも、あなたも本心を隠しているでしょう？その証拠にペニスはギンギン❤さっきの仲間みたいにわたしのお腹に射精して汚したい。そう思っているのでしょう？,But you're hiding your true feelings too; aren't you? Your hard cock is evidence of that~❤ You want to shoot your seed onto my stomach and stain me white; just like your friend did. That sounds nice; doesn't it?
ううっ・・・❤,Ugh...❤
あまーい匂いとおっぱいに顔を包まれながらペニスを擦りつけたい❤あわよくば挿入したい❤そう思っているから目がそらせないのよね❤,You want to rub your erection against me while being enveloped in the sweet scent of my breasts.❤ I bet you'd even slip it inside me; if you could.❤ That's why you can't take your eyes off of me~❤
見て❤おっぱいをゆさゆさ❤この柔らかいおっぱいに顔を埋めてみたくないの？わたしにあなたを優しく抱きしめさせて・・・❤,Watch.❤ Look at my chest swaying side to side~❤ Don't you want to bury your face in these soft breasts of mine? Let me hold you; and I promise I'll be gentle...❤
はい❤むぎゅ～❤しっかり捕まえさせてもらうね❤,That's it.❤ I'll wrap myself around you~❤ I'll make sure to catch you nice and tight~❤
優しく抱きしめるなんて嘘に決まってるじゃない❤ほら、暴れないの❤ふぅ～・・・❤,My promise to be gentle was such an obvious lie.❤ Oh my; it's too late to struggle now~❤ Phew...❤
うふふ、いい匂いでしょう？わたしのあまーい匂いをこの距離で吸い込んだらもうおしまい❤抵抗する気力なんて全部溶けちゃうもの❤,Ufufu; doesn't my breath smell nice? If you inhale my sweet scent from this close; it'll all be over.❤ All your will to resist will simply melt away~❤
あっ❤ああっ・・・❤いい匂い・・・❤,Ah!❤ Ahh...❤ It smells so good...❤
そうでしょう❤好きなだけわたしのフェロモン吸い込んでいいからね❤ふぅ～・・・❤,That's it~❤ You're welcome to breathe my pheromones as much as you like; okay?❤ Phew...❤
全身から力が抜けちゃった❤もっともっと、あなたが素直になれるようにぱふぱふしてあげるわ❤,Looks like your body has lost the last of it's strength.❤ Now I can keep pampering you more and more until you're completely honest with me~❤
むにゅむにゅ❤顔がとろけてちゃってる❤もっともーっとフェロモンを吸ってぇ❤そうしたらとっても素直になれるから❤,I'll squish your face close to my breasts.❤ I can already see your expression melting away.❤ Just breathe in more and more of my pheromones.❤ Then you'll have no choice but to be honest about your feelings~❤
あーあ❤本当に男って単純なんだから。ぱふぱふするだけで好きになるとかどれだけ単細胞なの？,Ahh~❤ It seem men truly are as easy as I thought. How can anyone be so simple-minded that they fall in love over a little Puff-Puff?
わたしはギンギンのペニスに触ってもいないのに❤自分から腰をへこへこしてお腹に擦り始めちゃうなんてお猿さんみたい❤,I haven't even touched your cock yet.❤ You're as primal as a little monkey; rubbing yourself against my stomach all on your own~❤
そんなに私にエナジーを捧げたいの？それなら直ぐに射精するのは許さないから❤一回の射精で全部エナジーを出せるように我慢しましょうね❤,Do you wish so badly to offer your energy to me? Then in that case I'll leave you on the edge; so you don't cum right away.❤ Hold back until you can't help but release all our energy at once~❤
ああっ…❤むりっ…❤むりぃ・・・❤,Ahh...❤ N-no...❤ I... I can't...❤
泣きそうな顔をしてもダメ❤先走りでお腹がぬるぬるになって気持ち良くてもダメ❤,No matter how sadly you look at me with those tears in your eyes; I won't change my mind.❤ No matter how slippery my stomach gets from your pre-cum or how good it feels; I still won't let you cum~❤
射精したら負けちゃうのよ❤それでも射精したいの？勝負より気持ちいいことが大切なんだ❤本当に情けくて最低な人❤,The moment you cum; you'll lose!❤ Do you still want that? Do you truly value pleasure over winning your match?❤ You're truly pathetic. The lowest kind of person~❤
あなたにここで戦う資格なんてないわ。深呼吸して❤た～っぷり肺の奥までわたしのフェロモンでいっぱいにして、イキなさい❤,You don't deserve to fight here. Take a deep breath.❤ Fill your lungs to the brim with my pheromones and offer your energy to me~❤
ううっ、強いのね。あなた…。,Ugh; you... You're strong...
でも、ふふ、わたしの毒の息を吸って、\nもうふらふらって感じかしら…。\n目がぼんやりしてきてるわよ。,But; fufu; after inhaling my poisonous breath; you must be feeling so lightheaded and weak... No doubt your vision has already begun to blur!
わたしの毒はただ体を蝕むだけじゃないの。\n肺の中から脳に回って、吸った相手のことをほんの少し発情させる。\nわたしのことを好きにさせる…❤,My poison doesn't just eat away at the body. It travels from the lungs to the brain; making the person who inhaled it feel more aroused. Making them fall in love with me...❤
でも、ふふ、さっきしゃぶってあげたから、\nもうふらふらって感じかしら…。\n目がぼんやりしてきてるわよ。,But; fufu; since I only recently gave you a dose of my breath; you must be feeling lightheaded and weak... No doubt your vision has already begun to blur!
あなたの粘膜を通して、わたしの毒を送ったの。\nフェラをしながらじんわりと流し込むように、ね。,My poison has already entered through the pores of your body; from the blowjob I gave you earlier.
わたしの毒はただ体を蝕むだけじゃないわ。\n肺の中から脳に回って、吸った相手のことをほんの少し発情させる。\nわたしのことを好きにさせる…❤,My poison doesn't just taint the body. It travels through the bloodstream and into the brain; making the person who inhaled it feel more aroused. Making them fall in love with me...❤
でも、ふふ、谷間のフェロモンを受けて、\nもうふらふらって感じかしら…。\n目がぼんやりしてきてるわよ。,But; fufu; I'm sure by now you've started feeling dizzy from the pheromones in my cleavage... No doubt your vision has already begun to blur!
わたしの吐く息と体から出るフェロモンには\n蛇の毒が含まれているわ。\nそれを呼吸で吸い込めば、あなんたの体に毒が回る。,Both my breath and the pheromones that come from my body contain snake venom. If you breathe it in; the poison will spread through you.
わたしの毒はただ体を蝕むだけじゃないのよ。\n肺の中から脳に回って、吸った相手のことをほんの少し発情させる。\nわたしのことを好きにさせる…❤,My poison doesn't just ravage the body! It travels from the lungs to the brain; making the person who inhaled it feel more aroused. Making them fall in love with me...❤
う、ううっ・・・・❤,Oh; ugh...❤
わたしの顔を見ていると、心臓がどくどくするでしょう？\nあなたはわたしのことが好きなの…。\nだから目を合わせているだけで、頭がふわふわしてきちゃう。,When you look at my face; your heart starts racing; doesn't it? You love me; don't you...? Whenever we lock eyes your head feel all fuzzy; doesn't it?
ねえ、おねがい❤攻撃をやめて？\nわたしあなたに倒されたくないわ。\n攻撃をやめてくれれば、そうね、キスをしてあげる。,Hey; could you do something for me?❤ Could you please stop attacking? I don't want to be defeated at your hands. If you stop attacking; I'd be happy to give you a kiss.
ベールをめくって、口と口をぴったりとつけて、\nその状態で甘い毒の息を吹き込むの。\nとっても素敵な甘い夢が見れるわよ…❤,I'll lift my veil; press our lips together so nicely; and; our lips locked; I'll blow sweet poison into your lungs. It will be a sweet dream come true...!❤
ほら、逃げちゃだめ。\nわたしに食べられてくれるわよね？,Come; there's no need to run. You'll let me feast on you; won't you?
理性を振り絞ってとどめを刺した,Summoning all my will; I delivered the final blow.
彼女に見とれて動けなかった,'She's beautiful. I... I love her so much!'
これで形勢逆転❤もう離さないわ❤\nこのままあなたを毒の息でおぼれさせてあげる。\nまずはおっぱいでしっかり頭を固定して…❤,Ah; now the tables have turned~❤ I won't let you go anymore!❤ I'll make sure you drown in my poisonous breath. But first; I'll hold your head firmly between my breasts...❤
むにゅむにゅむにゅ❤\n顔がおっぱいに埋もれて気持ちいいでしょう❤,Squish squish squish~❤ It feels so good having your face buried in my chest; doesn't it?❤
でもそれだけだと逃げられちゃう。\nだから、ふぅ～❤ふぅ～❤\nおっぱいの谷間、わたしの毒息で満たしてあげる❤,But if that's all I did; you may still escape. So; phew~❤ Phew~❤ I'll fill the valley of my breasts with sweet poisonous breath.❤
そうそう❤大きく息を吸って・・・❤\nとろーんとしたいい顔になってきたわね❤\nもっともーっと吸いなさい❤そうしたらとっても素直になれるから❤,That's it.❤ Take a deep breath...❤ You're starting to look so happy and relaxed.❤ Breath in more and more~❤ Don't stop until you'll be completely honest with me~❤
ああ・・・❤気持ちいい・・・❤\nああ、だめなのに、すき、はうぅう・・・❤,Ah...❤ It feels good...❤ Ah; even though I shouldn't; I love it; ahhh...❤
好きな人にエナジーを捧げる自滅オナニー、気持ち良かったわね❤\n必死にオナニーをする姿はとても面白かったわよ、くすくす❤,Throwing the match and masturbating to offer your energy to the person you love felt so good; didn't it?❤ The sight of you desperately stroking yourself was amusing to watch.❤ *Giggle*❤
わたしに抱き着かれたら、みな恍惚としながらイってしまうの❤\nあなたも幸せそうな顔をして倒れてるわね❤くすくす❤,Everyone always finds ecstasy and release when I hold them tight~❤ You've collapsed with such a happy look on your face too; haven't you?❤ *Giggle*❤
わたしのフェラに耐えれるはずがないもの❤エナジーたっぷりの精液、美味しかったわよ❤くすくす,You never had a hope of resisting my blowjob.❤ Your energy-filled semen was so delicious!❤ *Giggle*
ふふふ❤わたしの勝ちよ。\nこれでCランク昇格戦の権利はわたしのものね。,Fufufu~❤ I win! That means I'm the one who'll get to fight in the promotion match.
自分からラミアに興奮して自爆して負けちゃうんですもの❤\nずいぶん楽に勝たせてもらったわ。助かっちゃう。,The sight of my lamia excited you so much you ended up stroking yourself and throwing the match.❤ Thanks to that; I ended up winning rather easily. That really helped me out.
ラミアの胸は気持ちよかったかしら？\n蛇に絡みつかれて逃げられる男はいない。\n期待のルーキーくんも同じだったわね❤,Did you enjoy my lamia's chest? No man can escape once he's ensnared by a snake. And it seems the "Promising Rookie" was no different; was he?
ラミアのフェラは気持ちよかったでしょう？\n蛇の舌に絡めとられて、耐えられる男は少ないの。\nあまり気落ちしないことよ。,My lamia's fellatio felt amazing; didn't it? Few men can withstand being ensnared by a snake's tongue. Don't feel too ashamed!
さて、ただ権利をもらうだけじゃ悪いから、\nちょっとはお礼をあげる。\n行きなさい、ポイズンラミア。,Well; it's hardly fair to just take your right to a promotion match and leave; so I'll treat you to a little something as a thank you. Go ahead; Poison Lamia.
というわけで、マスターの命令よ。\nあなたのエナジー搾り取らせてもらうわね。,If it is my master's wish; then I will happily oblige! I'll be draining your energy now; okay?
大丈夫、マスターもこれは「お礼」だって言っているし、\nふらふらになるまで搾ったりしないわ。\n射精させるのはたった一回だけ。,It's alright. Master says this is a 'thank you;' so I won't drain you until you pass out. I'll only make you climax once.
ほら、とっびきり濃いキスでイかせてあげる❤\nんちゅ、じゅるる…❤,Here; I'll make you come with an incredibly deep kiss~❤ Mmm; slurp...❤
んっ、んむぅ❤あひぃっ・・・・❤,Mmm; mmh...❤ Ahh...❤
ふふ、蛇の舌が口の中に入り込んでくるの、すごいでしょ？\n童貞のあなたには刺激が強すぎるかしら。\nたっぷり蹂躙してあげる❤,Fufu; doesn't it feel amazing having a snake's tongue invade your mouth? Perhaps it's too stimulating for a virgin like you. Oh well. I'm still going to ravage you like this~❤
ほら、あなたもどんどん顔がとろけてきた…❤\nんっちゅ、ちゅっ、ちゅう❤,Oh my; your face is melting more and more...❤ Mmm; chu; chu~❤
あう、あううっ、んむぅ❤はへぇあっ・・・・❤,Ah; ahh; mmm...❤ Hahh...❤
んっちゅ❤ちゅぱ❤ あっという間に骨抜きね❤\nわたしのキス、人間なんかとは全然違うでしょう？,Mmmchuu~❤ Smooch~❤ You've fallen fully under my spell so quickly~❤ My kiss is unlike any mere human's; don't you think?
長い舌がねっとり絡みついてきて、\n舌も歯茎もわけがわからないぐらい気持ちよくされて、\nそのうえ口からは甘い毒の息がほんのりただよってくる❤,The way my long tongue wraps around yours no doubt feels better than anything you could imagine. On top of that; a faint; sweet; poisonous breath wafts from my lips to yours~❤
ここが闘技場でよかったわね。\nもし実戦で魔物にいきなりこんなキスされていたら、\n腰から下が快感でとろけて、立っていられなくなるもの❤,It's a good thing we're safely in the colosseum. If you were suddenly kissed like this by a monster in a real battle; your lower body would melt from the pleasure; and you wouldn't be able to stand anymore~❤
ほら、とどめ・・・❤\nあなたの肺の中に直接わたしの毒の息を吹き込んであげる❤,Now; for the finishing touch...❤ I'll blow my poisonous breath directly into your lungs.❤
キスでとろかされた脳みそに、\nラミアの甘い毒が流し込まれて、\nふふ、きっと理性がどろどろに溶けてしまうわね❤,The sweet poison of a lamia will flow into your kiss-melted brain. Fufu; I'm sure your rationality will dissolve into a gooey mess~❤
さあ、イきなさい。\nんちゅ、ふぅー・・・❤,Here; breathe deep. Mmm; phew...❤
はひ、あっ、あふあぁぁ・・・❤,Hah; ah; ahh...❤
んっちゅ、ぷはぁっ・・・❤\nあらあら、一回の射精でどれだけ出すのかしら❤,Mmm; phew...❤ Oh my; you released so much in just one shot~❤
はう、あううっ・・・❤,Hah; ahh...❤
ポイズンラミアから解放された僕はあまりの快感で立っていることができず、その場にくずれおちてしまった。,After being freed from the Poison Lamia's grip; I was left overwhelmed with pleasure and unable to stand; collapsing where I was.
これでお礼はおしまい❤気持ちよかったでしょ？\nそれじゃ、またいつか戦う機会があれば楽しみましょうね。\nちゅっ❤,This is the end of my thanks~❤ It felt good; didn't it? Well then; make sure you look forward to the next time we get to fight. Mwah~❤
僕に向かって投げキッスをすると、そのままポイズンラミアはパトラと一緒に去っていった。,After blowing me a kiss; the Poison Lamia left with Patra.
その後、僕はしばらく放心状態で身動きできず、闘技場のスタッフに肩をゆさぶられるまで、ボーっとした顔で座りほうけていた。,After that; I sat there with a blank expression; unable to move for a while; until the arena staff shook me by the shoulder.
試合に負けた悔しさはいつの間にかすっかり霧散してしまっており、ポイズンラミアのキスのこと以外、何も頭に残っていなかった。,My frustration over losing the match vanished completely before I knew it; and nothing remained in my mind except for the kiss from Poison Lamia.
それからしばらくして。,After a while...
あら、数日ぶりね。この間の試合は楽しかったわ。,Oh; it's been a few days; hasn't it? The match the other day was so much fun.
わたしはギルドでクエストを受けに来たのだけれど、\nあなたもクエストかしら？,I came to the guild hoping to take on a quest. Are you here for a quest as well?
・・・・。,...
え？あの子とのキスのことが忘れられない？\nそれでわたしを探していた？\nそう・・・❤,Huh? You can't forget about the kiss she gave you? Then you came here to find me? I see...❤
ぷっ、くすくす❤ずいぶん可愛らしいのね。\n期待のルーキーくんなのに、キスでイかされただけで、\n敵のモンスターにすっかり惚れちゃったんだ？,Pfft. *Giggle*❤ You're quite adorable; aren't you? Despite being the rookie everyone was watching; did you really get completely smitten with an enemy monster from just a kiss?
あはは、そんなにウブだとこの先大変よ。\nDランク上位にまで上り詰める実力者なのに、\nその辺はやっぱり年相応って感じかしら。ふふふ❤,Ahaha; despite being a top-tier D-ranker; if you're that inexperienced; it's going to be tough for you from here on out! I suppose in that way your age shows through. Fufufu~❤
受付カウンターの向こうから、受付さんが怪訝そうな目で僕のことを見ている。知り合いもいるなかでバカにされて笑われて、顔が真っ赤になってしまう。,From behind the reception counter; the receptionist was watching me with a confused look on her face. I was being mocked and laughed at in front of people I knew; making my face turn a bright red.
いいわよ。あとであの子を呼び出して、相手させてあげる。\n外でちょっと待ってなさい。,Alright! I'll summon my monster in a moment and let them take care of you. Wait outside for a bit.
ここなら、人目につかないわね。\nそれじゃあ出なさい、ポイズンラミア。,We won't be seen by anyone here. Come out; Poison Lamia.
んふふ。またキスされたくなったの？\nわたしに毒を飲まされたのに、わたしのこと好きになっちゃったんだ。,Nfufu. Are you hoping to be kissed by me again? Even though I forced you to breathe my poison; it seems you ended up falling in love with me.
そういうことみたいね。\nほら、同意もあることだし、彼からエナジーを奪うといいわ。,That seems to be the case. Since he's consenting; I see no reason not to go ahead and take his energy.
わたしからすればクエスト前に魔力の補給ができてラッキーよね。\nあなたのエナジー、かなり高濃度の魔力を含んでいるみたいだから、\n自分から分けてもらえるならけっこうありがたいの。,As far as I'm concerned; this would be a good opportunity to replenish my magic before the quest; right? Your energy seems to contain a quite high concentration of magical power too; so if you could share some with me; I would really appreciate it.
もちろんこうやって吸われていたら、\nあなた自身の修行はできなくなると思うけれど…。\n別にいいのよね？ふふふ❤,Of course; if you're being drained like this; I doubt you'll still be able to fight yourself... But that's fine; isn't it? Fufufu~❤
ほら、おいで・・・❤\nキスだけじゃなくてハグもしてあげる❤,Come here...❤ I'll give you plenty of hugs too; not just kisses~❤
顔をおっぱいに埋められて気持ちいいでしょ？\n谷間に向かって、息をふぅー・・・❤,It feels good to have your face buried between my breasts; doesn't it? Now I'll just blow my breath into my cleavage...❤
ふぐぅ、あふぁ・・・・❤,Fuu; ahh...❤
唇が恋しくなったら顔を上げてね。\nキスでたっぷり甘やかしてあげるから❤,If you start missing my lips; just lift your face. I'll spoil you with plenty of kisses~❤
ああ、ラミアさん、好き、好きぃ・・・❤あひぃ・・・・❤,Ah; Lady Lamia; I love you; I love you...❤ Ahhh...❤
くす❤好きって言いながら顔を上げてキスのおねだりしちゃってる❤\nそれじゃあ蛇舌の濃厚なキス、また楽しませてあげる❤\nんっ、じゅるるぅ❤,*Giggle*❤ You're already lifting your face and begging for a kiss while telling me you love me~❤ In that case; I'll treat you to another intense kiss with my snake-like tongue!❤ Mmm; slurp~❤
こうして僕はポイズンラミアのキスにすっかり骨抜きにされてしまい、彼女に搾り取られることが生きる意味になってしまった。,Thus; I was completely captivated by the Poison Lamia's kiss; and being drained by her became the meaning of my life.
パトラさんと約束をして、闘技場の試合前やクエストの前などに、魔力をポイズンラミアに搾りつくされる日々。,I made a promise with Miss Patra then and there; and now my days are filled with being drained of my magical power by the Poison Lamia before her arena matches or quests.
急ぎのときはカードから出てきた彼女がいきなり僕の頭を押さえ、そのままキスを開始する。何の前戯もなしに、それでも一分も経たずに射精に追い込まれてしまう。Whenever she's in a hurry; she'll summon her Poison Lamia; who immediately grabs my head and kisses me deeply. Despite the lack of foreplay; the sudden pleasure helplessly pushes me to the brink of orgasm.
連日、持てる魔力を全て彼女に捧げていては、冒険者を続けることができるはずもなく、闘技場でもクエストでもまともな活躍はできなくなった。,Day after day; I do nothing but dedicate all my magical power to her. Unable to perform well in the arena or on quests of my own; I couldn't possibly continue being an adventurer.
それでも彼女の息を体に取り込むたび、彼女のことがますます好きになり、もはやポイズンラミアから離れることはできそうになかった。,Even so; every time I took her breath into my body; I fell more and more in love with her; and it seemed impossible to be away from the Poison Lamia any longer.
こうして下級の蛇モンスターの魔力タンクに堕ちた僕の冒険は、終わりを迎えたのだった。,Thus; I became little more than an energy tank for a low-level snake monster; and my adventure came to an end.
勝負なんて忘れてこのまま射精しましょう？とっても気持ちいいはずよ❤,Just forget about the match and cum like this; okay? It'll feel really good!❤
前は勝てた相手なのに、\n誘惑に負けてオナニーしてしまうなんてマスター失格ね。\nわたしのマスターに昇格戦の権利を譲ればよかったのに。くすくす❤,You used to be able to beat me; but giving in to temptation and masturbating makes you unworthy of being a master. You should have given me the right to the promotion battle. Fufu~❤
好きな人にエナジーを捧げる自滅オナニー、気持ち良かったわね❤\nそのままどんどんわたしにはまって、\n毒に蝕まれるみたいに堕落していっていいのよ❤,Stroking yourself to exhaustion and offering your energy to the person you love felt so nice; didn't it?❤ I'll make sure you keep falling deeper and deeper in love with me; until I've poisoned you; body and soul!❤
