default
ツインスネイク,Twinsnake
頭の部分と足先が蛇になっている魔物。実は蛇が本体で体は疑似餌のようなものにすぎない。女体で獲物をおびき寄せ相手に抱き着き、快楽を味合わせているうちに、毒の牙を撃ち込む。捕食に気づいた時には体も蛇体に絡みつかれており、脱出は不可能である。,A monster with hair and feet like snakes. In reality, the snakes are the main body, and the rest is just a type of bait. It lures its prey in with its feminine body, embraces them, and while they are experiencing pleasure, injects its venom into them with its fangs. By the time the prey realizes they are being hunted, their body is already entangled in the snakes, making escape impossible.
特性：「凍結弱点」\n[1].このカードが特殊召喚に成功した時、または相手モンスターを破壊したときに発動する。「次の戦闘で攻撃回数+1」を自身に付与する。,Ability: "Freeze Weakness" [1]. This ability activates when this card is successfully Special Summoned or when an opponent's monster is destroyed. It grants itself "+1 attack count in the next battle."
戦闘時に相手に弱点を付与する。「おっぱいに弱い」相手に拘束攻撃を行う。,During combat, inflict a weakness on the opponent. Perform a binding attack if the opponent is "weak to breasts."
EU37_paizuri,
ふとももむっちりしててエロいでしょ❤\nここに手を挟んでみる？\nほら・・・❤,Don't my thighs look so plump and sexy?❤ Want to try putting your hand between them? Here...❤
くすくす❤まぬけな顔ー。\n女の子の体温、あったかいよねー❤\nもっとイイことしてあげるから、そのまま動いちゃダメだよ・・・❤,Kuhuhu; you're making such a silly face. A girl's body feels so nice and warm; doesn't it?❤ I'll do something really nice for you; so don't move...!❤
あたしの体って疑似餌なの。頭の蛇が実は本体なんだよー。\nこの体で獲物をおびき寄せて、毒の牙をばくり❤\nそれがいつものやり方。,My body's just bait; you know. The snakes on my head are actually the real me. I lure in my prey with this body first; and then I bite them with my venomous fangs! That's how I always do hunt.
え？バラしちゃっていいのかって？\nくすくす❤疑似餌だってわかってても、気持ちよさは本物だから、大丈夫❤\nアンタもふとももで挟まれたら、動けなくなるよ。ほら・・・❤,Huh? Why am I telling you? Kuhuhu~❤ Even if you know it's just a decoy; the pleasure is very real; so it doesn't matter.❤ Once you're trapped between my thighs; you won't be able to move! Watch...❤
きゃは、あたしのふとももそんなに気持ちいいんだ？\nチンポ挟まれてビンビンじゃん❤,Kyaha; do my thighs really feel that good? I can feel your dick getting all excited between them.❤
むちむちしたところに男って弱いよねー。\nほら、ふとももを交互に動かしてしごいてあげる❤\nチンポさっさとイっちゃえ❤,Men are weak to plump parts; right? Look; I'll move my thighs back and forth and stroke it for you.❤ Come on; hurry up and cum for me~❤
胸で挟んであげる❤\nあたしの胸、張りがあるから弾力がすごいんだー。,I'll squeeze you with my chest~❤ My breasts are really firm; so they're nice and bouncy.
挟まれた瞬間むぎゅって押しつぶされる、きもちいいー感触❤\nアンタのペニスで味わってみたいっしょ？えい❤,The moment you your dick's between my them; I'll squeeze you nice and tight. You want to feel it; don't you? Here I go~❤
パイズリしたげる。\n女の子のおっぱいで挟まれるんだもん。うれしいっしょ？,I'll give you a titjob. You'll be sandwiched between a girl's breasts. Doesn't that sound nice?
んー、モンスターに挟まれたってうれしくないって？\n強がり言ってもチンポは正直だからムダムダ❤\nほら、ずられて気持ちいい降参の声あげちゃえ❤,Hmm; you don't want to be sandwiched between a monster's breasts? Even if you pretend to be tough; your cock is already being honest; so it's pointless~❤ Come on; I'll make you moan in surrender~❤
あは、おっぱい見てるねー❤\nこうやって谷間を強調するポーズしてたから、気になっちゃった？,Aha; you're looking at my breasts; aren't you?❤ I posed like this to highlight my cleavage; you know. Did it catch your eye?
こっちおいでよ。ここにチンポ挟んで気持ちよくしたげるよ？\nほらほらー。おっぱい揺らして誘惑しちゃう。くすくす❤,Come here! I'll put your penis between my breasts and make you feel really good. Look; look- I'll shake my breasts and tempt you to come over. Kuhuhu~❤
ふーん、わたしにエナジー食べてほしいんだぁ❤\n昇格戦はもういいわけ？\nそんなことよりチンポ気持ちよくなりたくなっちゃった？,Hmm; you want me to eat your energy; do you? Are you done with the promotion battle? Or rather; do you just want your penis to feel good?
くすくす❤男ってチンポ気持ちよくしてもらえるなら、\nなんでも捨てちゃうよね。\nプライドでも命でも、ぜんぶわたしに捧げちゃう❤,Kuhuhu~❤ If a guy can get his cock pleased; he'll throw away anything; won't he? His pride; his life... He'll dedicate everything to me as long as I make him feel good~❤
ほらほら、なにしてほしいか言ってみなよ❤\nどうやって食べてほしい？おっぱい？ふともも？\nチンポになにされたいのかなぁー❤,Come on; come on; tell me what you want me to do to you!❤ How do you want me to please you? With my breasts? My thighs? What do you want me to do to that cock of yours?❤
ギャルラミアのパイズリ,Lamia Girl Titjob
ギャルラミアのふとももコキ,Lamia Girl Thighjob
なんでも,You decide
へー、おっぱいで挟んでほしいんだ❤\nいいよぎゅって挟んで搾り取ってあげる❤\nわたしのズリテクにどれだけ耐えられるかな～❤,Oh; you want me to squeeze you with my breasts; do you?❤ Sure; I'll squeeze you tight and milk you dry~❤ I wonder how long you can endure my techniques~❤
へー、ふとももで挟んでほしいんだ❤\nいいよ、絡みつけるのはめっちゃ得意だし❤\nあんたのチンポめちゃくちゃ気持ちよくしてあげる❤,Oh; you want me to squeeze you with my thighs; do you?❤ Sure; I'm really good at wrapping around people.❤ I'll make your penis feel really; really good~❤
きゃは❤ズリズリされてすぐイっちゃった❤\n早漏チンポ気持ちよくしてもらえてよかったねー❤,Kyaha~❤ You got so excited you came right away~❤ I'm sure your premature ejaculation felt so good; didn't it?❤
んふ、エナジーおいしい❤\nこんだけおいしいんだもん、\n試合とかじゃなければ丸呑みしたかったな～。ざんねーん。,Mmm; your energy is delicious~❤ It's so tasty that if this wasn't a match I would just swallow you whole. What a pity.
くすくす❤わたしの脚、めっちゃ気持ちよかったでしょ？\n蛇に絡みつかれて逃げられるわけないもんね❤\nアンタの小っちゃいチンポがふとももの中で完全降伏❤,Kuhuhu~❤ My legs felt really good; didn't they? You couldn't escape from my serpent's embrace; could you?❤ Your little cock surrendered completely between my thighs~❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ah; ahh...
あはは❤なに？あたしをオカズにオナニーしたいの？\n蛇の前でそんな無防備な姿を晒したらアンタの方が"オカズ"にされちゃうよ？,Ahaha~❤ What's this? Do you want to use me as a material for masturbation? Don't you know if you expose such a defenseless side in front of a snake; you'll end up being used as "material" instead.
あたしのふともも気持ちよぎちゃった？\nくすくす❤だからって、自分からオナニーしちゃうなんてプライドないの？,Did my thighs really feel that good? Kuhuhu~❤ Even so; stroking yourself like that... Don't you have any pride?
あたしのおっぱい、気持ちよぎちゃった？\nくすくす❤だからって、自分からオナニーしちゃうなんてプライドないの？,Did my breasts really feel that good? Kuhuhu~❤ Even so; stroking yourself like that... Don't you have any pride?
知ってる？あたしのこの人間の体は獲物をおびき寄せるための疑似餌❤\n本体は頭のへびの方なの。,Do you know? This human body of mine is just bait to attract and lure in prey.❤ My real body is the snakes on my head.
おっぱいだってふとももだって、\nぜーんぶ男を罠に嵌めるためのニセモノ❤\n疑似餌なんかにガチガチのチンポ、必死にしごいてかわいそー❤,Even my breasts and thighs are fakes only meant to trap men like you.❤ Seeing someone stroking themselves so desperately to something that's just bait... It's so sad~❤
うう・・・❤くぅっ・・・❤,Ugh...❤ Kuu...❤
ふふ、疑似餌だって言われてもシコシコオナニー止まんないね。前かがみの谷間強調ポーズでおっぱいぷるぷるされたら、目そらせないもんね？,Fufu; even knowing it's just bait; you can't stop your little solo sessions; can you? When I lean forward and emphasize my cleavage; you just can't look away; right?
ほら、かわいそうなアンタにいいことしてあげる❤\nもっと夢中になれるようにおっぱい揺らしてぇー❤,Here; I'll do something nice for you; you poor thing.❤ I'll shake my breasts so you can get even more into it~❤
上下にゆさゆさ❤左右にぷるぷる～❤,Bouncing up and down~❤ Swaying and jiggling side to side~❤
あっ、あうう❤すごいっ、はぁ、はぁ・・・❤,Ah; ahh...❤ Amazing; huff; huff...❤
きゃはは。目を血走らせて必死にシコシコ❤\nおっぱいを揺らすだけで興奮しすぎっしょ。\nあたしもおっぱいには自信あるけどさ❤,Kyahaha. You're staring and jerking so hard your eyes are turning red!❤ Just shaking my breasts is too much for you; isn't it? Though it's not that surprising. I'm fairly confident in my chest~❤
張りがあって弾力もあるから、\nほらぁ❤両手で寄せると押しつぶせば谷間がふかーくなるでしょ？\nよーく見て❤,They're really firm and bouncy; see?❤ When I push them together with both hands; my cleavage becomes nice and deep; right? Look closely~❤
あっ、あああっ❤,Ah; ahh...❤
顔の近くでゆさゆさぷるるん❤\nんふふ、谷間に鼻息当たってるんですけどー❤\nはぁはぁ必死すぎてきもーい❤,I'll shake and bounce them close to your face for you.❤ Ufufu; you're breathing so hard it's hitting my cleavage.❤ Panting so desperately like that... it's kind of gross~❤
間近でおっぱい見ながら、\n好きなだけしこしこ～ってできるなんて幸せものじゃん❤\n自分から負けを選んでよかったねー❤,Getting to watch my breasts bounce and sway up close like this while rubbing yourself as much as you want... Aren't you lucky? I bet you're glad you chose to lose; aren't you?❤
もうでそう？\nあはは、早っ。\nおっぱい揺らしただけで瞬殺とか、弱いにもほどがあるんじゃない？,Are you about to finish? Ahaha; that was quick. All I had to do was shake my breasts and you were done in an instant. Aren't you a bit too weak?
ほらほらほら～❤もっと揺らしてあげる❤\nあたしのおっぱいにアンタの精液、かけてかけて～❤\nなーんちゃって、きゃはは❤,Hey; look; look~❤ I'll shake my breasts even more for you.❤ Go ahead; coat my chest in your seed~❤ Just kidding; kyahaha~❤
あひぃっ…❤,Ahhii...❤
くすくす❤\nあたしの体、疑似餌だって言ったのに、シコシコ止められなかったね❤\n勝負を捨てて猿みたいにシコって、このヘンタイ❤,Kuhuhu~❤ Even though I told you my body was just bait; you couldn't help yourself; could you? You gave up on the match and went at it no better than a monkey. You pervert~❤
谷間こんなにドロドロにしちゃってさ。\nこんだけ出したらもう動けないでしょ？\n男ってよわーい❤,You made my cleavage all gooey. Hey; after releasing this much; you can't move anymore; right? Men are so weak~❤
くすくす❤アンタもオナニーしたくなったの？仲間が気持ちよく射精したのを見て羨ましくなっちゃった？,Kuhuhu~❤ Did you want to masturbate; too? Did watching your buddies enjoy their orgasms make you jealous?
疑似餌だってわかってるのに、\nかわいいあたしのことを見てたら手が止まらなくなっちゃうんだよね❤\nガチガチのチンポ、必死にしごいて馬鹿みたい❤,Even if you know it's just bait; you can't stop moving your hands when you see a girl as cute as me; right? You look silly; stroking your hard cock that desperately~❤
すぐに仲間の後を追えるようにおっぱい揺らしてあげる❤\nほら、上下にゆさゆさ❤左右にぷるぷるぷる～❤,I'll shake my breasts so you can end up like your friend nice and quick.❤ Look; bouncing up and down~❤ Swaying side to side~❤ Jiggle jiggle jiggle~❤
あうう❤はぁ、はぁ❤,Ah!❤ Hah; hah...❤
目を血走らせて必死にシコシコ❤\nおっぱいを揺らすだけで興奮しすぎっしょ。\n男ってなんでこんなにおっぱいが好きなのかなぁ❤,You're staring and jerking so hard your eyes are turning red!❤ Just shaking my breasts is too much for you; isn't it? I wonder why men love breasts so much.❤
アンタがシコってるのは、男を捕まえるための作り物でぇ、\nただのやわらかぁい罠なんだよ❤\nかわいい女の子の形をしているだけの、悪ーい仕掛け❤,What you're jerking off to is just a gentle trap to catch men; you know!❤ It's just a wicked trick in the shape of a pretty girl.❤
ふふ、疑似餌だって言われてもシコシコオナニー止まんないよねー❤\n前かがみの谷間強調ポーズでおっぱいぷるぷるされたら、\n目そらせないもんね？,Fufu; even knowing it's just bait; you can't stop your little solo sessions; can you? When I lean forward and emphasize my cleavage; you just can't look away; right?
張りがあって弾力もあるから、ほらぁ❤両手で寄せると押しつぶされて谷間がふかーくなるでしょ？よーく見て❤,My breasts are so firm and bouncy; see?❤ When I push them together with both hands; my cleavage becomes nice and deep; right? Look closely~❤
あっ、あっ、あああっ…❤,Ah; ah; ahhh...❤
顔の近くでゆさゆさぷるるん❤あは、谷間にめっちゃ鼻息当たってるんですけどー❤はぁはぁ必死すぎてきもーい❤,I'll shake and bounce them close to your face for you.❤ Hehe; you're breathing so hard it's hitting my cleavage.❤ Panting so desperately like that... it's kind of gross~❤
アンタも仲間も、おっぱいの前でなさけなーく降参シコシコしちゃってさ❤男のプライドとかなーんもないんだね。あるのはチンポ気持ちよくなりたいって思いだけ❤,You and your buddies are all pitiful; surrendering to your enemy and getting off in front of my breasts. You have no pride as a man at all; do you? You're empty of everything but your desire for your cock to feel good.
そんな空っぽのアンタはあたしが食べてあげる❤だからエナジー全部よこしな？,That empty little you... I'm going to devour him~❤ So why don't you give all your energy to me?
ほら、もうでそうなんでしょ？いつでもいいよ。アンタもあたしのおっぱいに精液、好きなだけかけて❤かけて❤あはーん❤,Oh my; you're about to come; aren't you? Go ahead whenever you want! You can pour as much semen as you want onto my breasts.❤ Cum for me~❤ Right here~❤
くすくす。疑似餌おっぱいにエナジーがこんなにたくさん❤\nこれだけ入れ食いだと笑えてくるね。\nアンタたち、みんなそろってバカなんじゃないの？,Kuhuhu; you've poured so much of your energy into my bait's fake breasts!❤ It's almost funny how much you all are feeding me. Men are just a bunch of fools; aren't they?
試合だっていうのに谷間どろっどろにしちゃってさ。こんなに出したらもう負けじゃん。男ってよわーい❤,Even though it's a match; you made the cleavage all messy. All I have to do is show off my body; and you've already lost. Men are so weak~❤
あは、バカにされてイラついた？それならおっぱい見せたげるから許してー❤ほら、他の人もオナニーしたくなったら早く来ていいよ❤きゃはは❤,Ah; are you upset that I'm making fun of you? In that case; I'll show you my breasts; so please forgive me~❤ Look. If the rest of you want to masturbate; feel free to come over whenever you like!❤ Kyahaha~❤
うわ～❤ほんとうに来ちゃうんだー❤仲間が気持ちよく射精したのを見て羨ましくなっちゃった？くすくす❤,Oh my~❤ You actually came over; did you? Did watching your companions enjoy their orgasms make you jealous? Kuhuhu~❤
魔物の前で無防備にチンポシコシコ❤女の子の形してれば、魔物おっぱいでもいいんだよねー。そのあと頭の蛇で丸のみにされるかもしれなくても、ぜんぜん気にしない❤,You're defenselessly stroking your cock in front of a monster.❤ I suppose monster breasts are just as good as any other; so long as they still look like a girl. Even if you might get swallowed whole by the snake-headed beast afterward; you don't mind at all~❤
ほら、すぐに仲間の後を追えるようにおっぱい揺らしてあげる❤上下にゆさゆさ❤左右にぷるぷる～❤,Look; I'll shake my breasts so you can end up like your friend nice and quick.❤ Look; bouncing up and down~❤ Swaying side to side~❤
うう・・・❤はぁ、はぁ・・・❤,Ooh...❤ Haah; haah...❤
目を血走らせて必死にシコシコ❤おっぱいを揺らすだけで興奮しすぎっしょ。男ってなんでこんなにおっぱいが好きなのかなぁ❤,You're staring and jerking so hard your eyes are turning red!❤ Just shaking my breasts is too much for you; isn't it? I wonder why men love breasts so much.❤
アンタがシコってるのは、男を捕まえるための作り物でぇ、ただのやわらかぁい罠❤やさしいやさしい女の子の形をした、男を惑わす悪ーい仕掛け❤,What you're jerking off to is just a gentle trap to catch men; you know.❤ It's a wicked trick in the shape of a kind; gentle girl used to confuse foolish guys like you~❤
顔の近くでゆさゆさぷるるん❤んふふ、谷間に鼻息当たってるんですけどー❤はぁはぁ必死すぎてきもーい❤,I'll shake and bounce my breasts close to your face for you.❤ Ufufu; you're breathing so hard it's hitting my cleavage.❤ Panting so desperately like that... it's kind of gross~❤
間近でおっぱい見ながら両手でシコシコ❤あたしのおっぱい見ながら自滅オナニー❤仲間ともども突っ込んできて、なさけなーく降参シコシコ気持ちいいねー❤,You're staring at my breasts so close while stroking yourself with both hands.❤ Masturbating to your own demise while captivated by my chest~❤ You and your friends came rushing in; but now you're all pathetically surrendering and jerking off... Feels good; doesn't it?❤
あはは、こんなにバカにされているのに、もうでそうなんだ？いつでもいいよ❤アンタもあたしのおっぱいに、好きなだけかけて❤かけて❤あーん❤,Ahaha; despite me making fun of you; you're still about to cum; aren't you? Go ahead whenever you want. You can pour as much semen as you want onto my breasts!❤ Cum for me~❤ Right here~❤
あはん❤疑似餌おっぱいにエナジーがこんなにたくさん❤,Aha~❤ You poured so much energy into my bait's fake breasts~❤
強いって噂だったのに、楽勝だったね。仲間のあとを追って敵討ちじゃなくてオナニーで負けるんだもん❤ねー、ざーこマスター❤,I heard you were strong; but defeating you was so simple. Instead of avenging your comrades; you lost yourself to your solo session; didn't you? My; what a weak master you are~❤
くすくす。疑似餌おっぱいにエナジーがこんなにたくさん❤ここまで来たらもう、負けも同然だよね❤,Kuhuhu; you poured so much energy into my bait's fake breasts~❤ With so many of you gone; this match is practically over; isn't it?❤
ほらほら、他の人もオナニーしたくなったら早く来ていいよ❤全員あたしのおっぱいに負けちゃえよ❤きゃはは❤,Hey; come on. If anyone else wants to masturbate; I'll let you cum quickly; too!❤ You're all more than welcome to lose to my breasts!❤ Kyahaha~❤
ふふっ❤つーかまーえたっ❤おっぱいばっかり見てるからだよ❤,Fufuu~❤ Gotcha!❤ It was super easy to catch you with you so distracted by my breasts!❤
このまま根こそぎ搾り取ってあげる？うれしいっしょ？ほら・・・❤,Since you kept staring at them; would you want me to use them to squeeze out your energy? Would that make you happy? Here...❤
もう限界っしょ？亀頭がパンパンに膨らんでるし❤ほらぁ、イケ❤イケ❤,You're at your limit; aren't you? Your glans are getting all swollen.❤ Come on; hurry up~❤ Cum for me~❤
うわ、暴れるなって！もう・・・。\nもっとあたしのパイズリ、堪能してても良かったのに❤,Hey; stop squirming! Seriously... You should have relaxed and enjoyed my titjob more~❤
ほら、股のところギンギンのままじゃん。\nチンポはもっとして欲しいって言ってるみたい❤\n素直になれば？くすくす❤,Look; you're still hard down there. Looks like your cock still wants more.❤ Why don't you just be honest? Kuhuhu~❤
あうっ、そんなに慌てなくてもいいじゃん。\nあたしのパイズリ、気持ちよかったっしょ？,Hey; you didn't have to run like that. My titjob felt good; didn't it?
射精するまでズリズリされてたらさ、\nびゅー❤って、出せたよ？最高に気持ちいいのになぁ・・・❤残念❤,I would have kept rubbing you until you came if you had just let me. You were so close to shooting it all out; right?❤ It would have felt so amazing... What a shame...❤
あたしのおっぱい、気持ちいいっしょ❤　ほらほら❤,My breasts feel good; don't they? Come on; come on❤
暴れるより、身を任せた方が気持ちいいに決まってるし❤,Doesn't it feel so much better to just stop struggling and let yourself go?❤
このままおっぱいに負けちゃえば？チンポはそうしたがってると思うなー。,Why don't you just lay back and give into my breasts? I bet your cock would love it.
ズリズリ❤ズリズリ❤,I'll keep rubbing it for you like this~❤ Rub rub; rub rub~❤
もっと喘ぎ声、聞かせてよ❤ほらぁ❤,Come on; I want to hear you moan for me!❤
チンポおっぱいに埋もれて幸せ？あは、そのままとろけてなよ❤,Isn't being buried in my breasts just bliss? Aha; let them make you melt!❤
腰震えてんじゃん❤我慢する必要なんてないよ？射精すれば？,Your hips are shaking; aren't they?❤ Why are you still holding back? Why not just let yourself cum already?
あたしのパイズリ、最高っしょ？,My titjob is the best; don't you think?
先っぽを蛇の舌で責めてあげる❤もだえて、喘いでいいよ❤きゃはは❤,I'll tease the tip with my snake-like tongue.❤ I'll make you writhe and moan in pleasure!❤ Kyahaha~❤
このまま射精して楽になれば？我慢したって意味ないっしょ❤,Why not just cum like this and let yourself feel good? There's no point in holding back anymore; right?❤
降参しちゃう？降参しちゃう？うりうりー❤,Are you going to give in? Well; are you? Rub rub~❤
少しぐらいいい思いしても罰は当たらないって❤もう少しパイズリされてよーよ❤,There's no harm in just enjoying it a little.❤ Let me give you a titjob for a just little longer!❤
このまま谷間にびゅー❤って射精しちゃえば？試合終了だけど、きもちいーいよ❤,Why not just let it all out into my cleavage? Your fight will be over; but it'll feel so good!❤
アンタが負けでも大丈夫❤他の仲間が頑張ってくれるっしょ❤,Even if you lose; it'll be okay~❤ Your teammates keep fighting in your place.❤
戦いなんて他の仲間に任せて、びゅー❤って射精して❤,Leave the fighting to your comrades; and just go ahead and cum; okay? ❤
あーあ❤蛇の舌に尿道ほじられて喘いじゃった❤気持ちいいねぇ❤,Ahha~❤ You couldn't help but moan when my snake tongue teased your urethra like that~❤ I bet it felt so good~❤
（痛たた、ううっ、このままじゃやられる・・・。）,(Ouch... Uh oh... At this rate; I'm done for...)
あーん、アンタの攻撃でもうボロボロ。服だって痛んでるし、胸のところだって全部ずれちゃいそう・・・❤,Ahh; your attacks have left my clothes in tatters. My tops all damaged; and it looks like my chest might spill out at any moment...❤
ほら見て、今一生懸命蛇の頭で隠しているけど、…んっ❤あたしの乳首、ぷっくり膨らんで、あん❤見えちゃう・・・❤,Look; see; I'm trying my best to cover myself with my snake's head; but... Mmm~❤ My nipples are perking up and; ah~❤ They're almost showing...❤
（くすくす❤目が釘付け・・・❤このまま蛇で・・・♪）,(Kuhuhu~❤ His eyes are glued to my chest...❤ Now; if I just move my snake like this...♪)
胸から視線を離してとどめを刺した,Look away and deliver the final blow
おっぱいに見とれてしまった,They're so big... I... I can almost see...
そんなぁ、あううっ。,No way! Ahhh!
あはっ。隙あり❤,Aha! Gotcha~❤
し、しまっ…あぁっ❤,Damnit... Ahh!❤
おっぱいばっかり見てるから足元に近づいた蛇に気づかなかったっしょ？\n毒で動けなくなったら形成逆転❤\nあたしのパイズリホールドでおしまいっしょ❤,You were so busy staring at my breasts that you didn't notice the snake sneaking up from behind; did you? Once my poison has you paralyzed; it's game over~❤ I'll squeeze you between my breasts and finish you off~❤
手こずらせてくれたお礼はアンタのエナジーで払え❤ほらほら❤,Since you made things so difficult for me; you can repay me with your energy~❤ Come on; just relax~❤
くうっ❤このっ・・・❤,Ugh...❤ This...❤
あは、力よわっ❤\n毒が効いているからもがいても無駄なんですけどー。\nそれにぃ、こうやって激しくズリズリしてあげれば・・・❤,Ah; you're so weak~❤ There's no point in struggling. The poison will make any attempt to escape useless. Besides; if I rub you like this...❤
うああっ、あひ、ああっ・・・❤,Ooh; ah; ah...❤
どうよ❤逃げ出す気なんて起こらないっしょ？\nあたしの毒にはチンポを敏感にする効果もあるから、\n快感がえぐいことになるってわけ❤,What do you think?❤ You don't feel like escaping anymore; do you? My poison also makes your cock extra sensitive; so the pleasure becomes even more intense~❤
毒とパイズリの合わせ技で獲物を骨抜きにしてぇ、\nその間に蛇でゆっくり丸のみしちゃう・・・❤\nこの手で狩りをすればいつもあたしの勝ち❤,The combination of poison and my titjob renders my prey helpless; and in the meantime; my snake slowly swallows them whole...❤ When I hunt like this; I always win~❤
ほらほら、チンポの根本から先っぽまでズリズリ❤むぎゅむぎゅ❤\nチンポ、完全におっぱいに埋もれて最高っしょ？❤,Here; look; I'll rub and squeeze from the base to the tip~❤ Squish; squeeze; squeeze~❤ Isn't having your cock completely buried in the breasts the best?❤
これに合わせてぇー、敏感チンポの先っぽ。蛇の舌でほじってあげる❤\n覚悟はいい？雑魚マスター❤,I'll match the rhythm of my breasts and tease the sensitive tip of your cock; probing it with my snake-like tongue.❤ Are you ready? Weak Master~❤
これに合わせてぇー、敏感チンポの先っぽ。蛇の舌でほじってあげる❤\n覚悟はいい？雑魚モンスター❤,I'll match the rhythm of my breasts and tease the sensitive tip of your cock; probing it with my snake-like tongue.❤ Are you ready? Weak monster~❤
ああっ…あっ❤それだめっ…❤だめぇ…っっ❤,Ah... ah❤ Don't... Don't do that...❤ No...❤
きゃはは、何それ？そんなこと言いながら嬉しそうな顔しちゃってさぁ❤\n口先だけダメダメ言ったって、\nモンスターにチンポ挟まれて喜んでるのバレバレ❤,Kyahaha; what’s that? You're asking me to stop; but you look so happy!❤ Even if your words are saying no; it’s so obvious you’re enjoying having your cock sandwiched by a monster’s tits~❤
頭をあたしの蛇に吞まれていてもね、こうやってズッてやればみーんな泣いて喜ぶんだよ？「食べられてもいいからもっとパイズリしてぇ」ってね❤\nアンタももう普通のパイズリじゃ満足できないかもね？,Can you believe that even with their head being swallowed by my snake; when I slide my breasts up and down like this; everyone just cries with pleasure? "I don't care if you eat me; please don't stop tittyfucking me;" they say~❤ You might never be satisfied with a normal titjob again; huh?
ちろちろとずりずりの同時攻撃❤\n最後は亀頭をおっぱいで揉み潰してあげる❤\nほらほらほら❤イケ❤出せ❤射精しな、ざーこ❤,I'll attack your cock like this; rubbing and licking at the same time.❤ And to finish you off; I'll crush the glans between my breasts!❤ Come on; come on; come on~❤ Cum~❤ Let it all out~❤ Pour your seed all over my chest; you loser~❤
はひぃっあぐっ、ああああっ❤,Hahii! Ahh; aaahhh...❤
くすくす❤凄い量の精液が出た❤あたしの谷間、ドロドロじゃん…❤,Kuhuhu~❤ You came so much~❤ My cleavage is all sticky now...❤
乳首が見えそうなだけで逆転されるとか、みっともなさすぎっしょ。\n力が強くてもおっぱいに弱くちゃ意味ないよねー❤,You almost won; but instead you let me counter attack; just because you could almost see my nipples. How embarrassing! It doesn't matter how strong you are; it's meaningless if you're weak against breasts; isn't it?❤
乳首が見えそうなだけで逆転されるとか、みっともなさすぎっしょ。\n体力も回復できたことだし、\nそれじゃもらったエナジーで次の獲物もいただきまーす❤,You almost won; but instead you let me counter attack; just because you could almost see my nipples. How embarrassing! My stamina's recovered now; so I'll use the energy you gave me to claim my next prey; too~❤
うぅ、またあたしの蛇の牙が当たらない・・・。このままじゃまずいっしょ。,Ugh; I can't catch him with my fangs either... At this rate, things won't end well for me.
ねぇ、さっきアンタの仲間がパイズリされてたの見てたよね？あたしのパイズリに負けちゃった仲間の顔、思い出して？,Hey; you saw your buddy getting a titjob earlier; didn't you? Do you remember the look on his face as he lost to my breasts?
ううっ・・・❤,Ugh...❤
そうそうその調子❤\nエッチなこと思い出したら、ムラムラしてきたよね❤\nほら、そのムラムラ、あたしが発散させたげる❤,That's right; think about it~❤ Remembering something naughty makes you start to get all hot and bothered; right?❤ Come here; let me help you release all that pent-up arousal~❤
チンポが敏感になる毒を打ち込まれて、そのあとのえっぐいパイズリ…❤味わってみたくない？ほぉら、あたしのおっぱいをよーく見て考えて❤アンタが答えるの、待っててあげるから・・・❤,I'll inject you with my poison; make your cock nice and sensitive; and follow it up with an intense titjob...❤ Don't you want tow know how it feels? Come on; stare deeply at my breasts and think about it~❤ I'll wait for your answer...❤
そんな、これでもだめだなんて・・・。,No way; how can you still say no...?
ふっ、待っててあげるとか嘘だよ、ばーか❤,Fuu; I'm not actually going to wait; you idiot~❤
おっぱいじっと見すぎて隙だらけだし♪\n足元にあたしの蛇が近づいているの気づかなかった？\n男っておっぱい見せるとすぐ視界が狭くなるよね❤,You were so busy staring at my breasts that you left yourself wide open!♪ Didn't you notice my snake creeping up behind you? Men really narrow their view as soon as they see breasts; don't they?❤
それじゃ毒が効いているうちに、よいしょっと・・・❤,Well then; while the poison starts to work; here we go...❤
お望み通りあたしのパイズリで喘がせたげる❤うれしいっしょ？,I'll make you moan with my titjob; just like you wanted~❤ Aren't you happy?
あはは、アンタもさっきのやつもいい声で鳴くねー❤\nあたしの毒でチンポ敏感にされて、そこを爆乳でずりずりずり❤,Ahaha; you and that guy from earlier both make such nice sounds~❤ First; my poison makes your penis sensitive; and then I rub it with my huge breasts; just like this~❤
チンポの根本から先っぽまでぜーんぶ埋められれば、どれだけ強くてももう逃げられない❤nチンポ、完全におっぱいに埋もれて天国っしょ？きゃはは❤,Once you're cock's buried from base to tip; it doesn't matter how strong you are; you won't be able to escape anymore~❤ Isn't having your cock completely swalloed in my breasts heavenly? Kyahaha~❤
うああっ、あっ…これ、だめ…❤,Ugh; ah... Don't... You can't...❤
顔がとろーんとしてる❤さっきの仲間と一緒の顔❤,Your face is all dazed and dreamy now.❤ Just like your ally from earlier~❤
我慢汁ダラダラ出しちゃってさ、あたしのおっぱい、ぬるぬるにしたら余計に気持ちいいだけだよ？,All that pre-cum your dripping out is making my breasts all slippery. That just makes it feel even better; doesn't it?
くす❤もうイクんだ？\nまだ蛇舌で亀頭いじめてあげてすらいないのに❤\nほら、イケ❤イケ❤射精しろ、ざーこ❤,Kuhu~❤ Are you going to cum already? I haven't even started teasing the glans with my snake tongue yet.❤ Come on; cum~❤ Let it all out~❤ Pour your seed all over my chest; you loser~❤
あへぇ…❤,Ah...❤
あん❤凄い量の精液が出た❤あたしの谷間、ドロドロじゃん…❤,Ahh~❤ You came so much~❤ My cleavage is all sticky now...❤
おっぱい見ている隙に逆転されるとか、そろいもそろってみっともなさすぎっしょ。それじゃもらったエナジーで次の獲物もいただきまーす❤,Letting yourselves get counterattacked while you're staring at my breasts is just pathetic; all of you. Now; with the energy you gave me; I'll claim my next prey; too~❤
おっぱいに夢中になってする自滅オナニー気持ち良かった？\nくすくす❤敵に自分から負けに行くとか、ほんとバカみたい❤,Did you enjoy your self-destructive masturbation while being obsessed with breasts? Kuhuhu~❤ It's really stupid to go and lose to the enemy on your own; don't you think?❤
あたしのふとももに挟まれて我慢できなかったんだ❤\nむっちり太もも最高だったっしょ？くすくす❤,You couldn't hold back once you were trapped between my thighs; could you? My plump thighs were the best; huh? Kuhuhu~❤
あたしにパイズリされて我慢できるはずないっしょ❤精液ごちそうさま❤\nくすくす❤,You can't hold back while your getting a titjob from me.❤ Thanks for the semen~❤ Kuhuhu~❤
決着ー！！勝者はパトラ選手！\n下級モンスターで期待のルーキーを仕留めてしまいました！,The match is over! The winner is of this fight is Patra! She took down the promising rookie; and with a low-level monster no less!
これが実力の差か！ここまで連勝でコマを進めてきましたが、\nDランクの壁もそう薄くはないようだ！\nおおっと、負けたルーキーの側に下級モンスターが近づいていきます！,Is the gap in skill between them truly so great? Our rookie has been advancing quickly with back-to-back wins; but it seems the D-rank wall isn't so easy to break! Oh no; Patra's low-level monster is approaching the defeated rookie!
ねえパトラ、こいつ食べちゃっていい？\nバトルしたらお腹すいちゃった。,Hey Patra; can I eat this one? I'm hungry after the battle.
さっき精液もらったときも雑魚のわりにいい魔力してたしさ、\nあたしのご飯にしたいなー。,The semen he gave me earlier had some decent magical power for a weakling; so I want to make him my meal.
頭からかぶっと丸のみにしてぇ、ぜーんぶあたしの栄養に変えるの❤\nふふ、アンタも食べられたいよねー❤,I want to gulp him down; headfirst; and turn him into nourishment.❤ Fufu; you want to be eaten too; don't you?❤
ひ、ひぃ・・・。,A-ahh...!
こら、怖がっているじゃない。人間を丸のみにするなんてダメよ。,Hey; you're scaring him. You can't just swallow a person whole!
でもま、エナジーを搾り取るのはいいわよね。お客さんもきっと\n期待のルーキー君がぼろぼろにされるとこ、見たいと思うし・・・♪,But... well; draining energy is fine; right? I'm sure the audience would love to see the promising rookie get beaten down...♪
おおっと、パトラ選手、{主人公}選手への追撃をツインスネイクに命令した！\nすでに満身創痍の{主人公}選手、これは逃げられない！\nあっという間に組み伏せられてしまいます！,Whoa; Patra has ordered Twinsnake to chase down {主人公}! {主人公}; already battered and bruised from their fight earlier; can't possibly escape this! He'll be pinned down in no time!
にひひ❤\n丸のみはダメって言われたから、\n代わりにおっぱいで死ぬほど搾ったげるね❤,Nehehe~❤ Since I was told not to swallow you whole; I'll just squeeze you to death with my breasts instead; okay?❤
あ、あううっ・・・❤,Ah; aah...❤
あは、さっきまで怖がってたくせに、おっぱいに挟まれた途端それかよ❤\n現金すぎっしょ❤,Aha; you were so scared just a moment ago; but the moment you got caught between my breasts; you ended up reacting like this! You're so easy to read~❤
そんな媚びたような目しなくてもすぐイかせてやるよ❤マーゾ❤,You don't need to look at me with those pleading eyes; I'll happily make you come right away; you masochist!❤
あひぃっ、ううっ❤,Ahh; ohh...❤
気持ちいいっしょ？あたしのおっぱい❤\nふとももだけがあたしの武器じゃないんだよ？,Don't my breasts feel amazing?❤ Did you think my thighs were my only weapon?
気持ちいいっしょ？あたしのおっぱい❤\nあんたが負けたおっぱいだよ？,Don't my breasts feel amazing?❤ They're the reason you lost after all; aren't they?
とってもムチムチしてて、抜群の弾力で、\nチンポをぎゅっと押しつぶしちゃう❤\nアンタのチンポも完全に押しつぶされちゃって見えないね？,They're really plump and bouncy; and they're firm enough to crush your penis nice and tight~❤ They're squeezing your cock so tight you can't even see it; can you?
チンポ全部ズリズリされるのどう？\n気持ちいい？骨抜きになる？,How does it feel to have your entire cock squeezed all at once? Doesn't it feel amazing? Aren't you just about to melt completely?
あうう・・・❤きもちいい・・・❤,Aah...❤ It feels so good...❤
ぷ、そっか、気持ちいいんだね❤\nほんとさっきまで食べられるの怖がってたとは思えない…❤,Mmm; you're feeling good; aren't you?❤ It's hard to believe you were scared of being eaten just a moment ago...❤
男ってさぁ、脳みそバグっているよね。\nどんだけ嫌な女でも、おっぱいでチンポ挟まれるだけですぐにメロメロ❤\n射精するためなら「食べられても」いいってすら考えちゃう❤,Men's brains are just broken; aren't they? No matter how much they hate a woman; they get all mushy just from having their penis squeezed between her breasts.❤ They'd even let themselves get eaten if it means they get to cum~❤
子供を残すわけでもない、おっぱい無駄打ちに命かけちゃってさ、\nバカなんじゃないの？アンタももうおっぱいにメロメロじゃん❤\n強いカードマスターって言ったってほかの男と変わらないね❤,It's not like you're trying to have children. You're risking your life for a pointless session with my breasts. Isn't that pretty stupid? You're already head-over-heels for my boobs; aren't you?❤ Even if they call you a powerful cardmaster; you're no different from any other man; huh?❤
うりうりうり❤そんな雑魚はさっさとイかせてあげる❤\nカードを使うための魔力、干からびる寸前まで搾り取ってあげる❤,Rub rub rub~❤ I'll make a weakling like you come in an instant.❤ All that magical you need to play your cards; I'll squeeze it out of you until you're all dried up~❤
戦ってペコペコになった分のお腹、\nアンタのエナジーで全部埋めてもらうから❤\n搾り取ってもらえることに感謝しな？雑魚マスター❤,Having to fight you was really draining; so I'll fill back up with your energy~❤ You should be grateful I'm draining you like this; got it? You weak master~❤
あっ、ああっ、もうっ❤,Ah; ah... It's too much...❤
はいはい。イクんでしょ？\nチンポこれだけビクビクさせてりゃ言わなくても分かるっての❤,That's it; come on. You're going to cum; right? You don't have to say anything. With how much your cock is twitching; it's pretty obvious~❤
腰もぐいって突き出しちゃって、少しでも奥に出したいって本能？\nおっぱいの奥に射精したって子供はできないよ？\n童貞だから分からないのかなー❤,You're thrusting your hips so hard; like it's instinct to cum as deep as you can. You do know that you won't make a baby no matter how deep you finish; right? Actually; maybe a virgin like you doesn't know that~❤
そんだけ突き出しても先っぽすらおっぱいから出れないし❤\nほら、早漏ザコチンポの先っぽ、おっぱいでもみくちゃにしてやるよ❤,Even with you thrusting that much; the tip can't even escape from the top of my breasts.❤ Here; I'll knead the tip of your pathetic; premature cock with my boobs!❤
あたしにエナジー出しな❤\n３、２、１・・・❤\nイケ、マーゾ❤,Surrender your energy to me~❤ 3; 2; 1...❤ Cum; slave~❤
あひぃっ・・・❤,Ahh...❤
あは、何終わったみたいな顔しているの？\nまだこれからが本番だよ。,Aha; what's with that face? Do you think it's over? The real show is just beginning!
休憩なんてさせないから。イってもやめてなんてあげない♪\n蛇って貪欲なんだよ❤\n死んじゃう一歩手前まで魔力食べつくしてあげる❤,I won't let you take a break. Even if you reach your limit; I won't let you stop~♪ Snakes are greedy!❤ I'll devour your magical power until you're on the brink of death~❤
ああ、そうそう。あんまりおっぱいでイキ癖つけすぎちゃうとさ、\nそのあとの戦いでもチンポ弱くなっちゃう男って多いんだって。\nアンタもそうなっちゃうかな？我慢しないと大変だねー。,Ah; I guess I should warn you. When my breasts force a guy to cum over and over like this; many of them end up with weaker cocks in battles later. Do you think that'll happen to you; too? You better hold back; or things might get tough for you; don't you think?
あう、あうう・・・❤,Ah; ahh...❤
そうだ、徹底的にイかせるために、カリ首のところあたしの蛇を使って舐めてあげるね❤パイズリだけでも悶えちゃうのに、敏感なカリをチロチロされたらどうなっちゃうんだろうね❤,I know; I'll use my snakes to tease the tip of your cock and make you cum a lot~❤ Just a titjob already has you moaning; but what do you think will happen if I lick your sensitive tip?❤
あは、チンポ跳ねてるし❤\nされるところ想像したんでしょ？このスケベ❤,Aha; your cock just twitched!❤ You just imagined it; didn't you? You pervert~❤
ほらほらほら、実際にやったげるよ❤\n想像した気持ちよさと比べてどう？\nあんたの想像、ちゃんと合ってた？,Alright; look. Here I go. I'll start now!❤ How does it compare to the pleasure you imagined? Does it feel the way you thought it would?
違うよね。イったばかりの敏感チンポ、蛇舌で責められたことなんてないもんね❤想像よりもずっとえげつない気持ちよさ。腰の奥までしびれて、体中が痙攣しちゃうぐらいのつよーい快感はどうですかー❤きゃはは❤,It doesn't; does it? You've never had your sensitive cock teased by a snake-like tongue right after cumming; have you?❤ It's way more intense than you could have ever imagined. How does it feel to have mind-numbing pleasure rushing all the way to the depths of your waist making your whole body tremble?❤ Kyahaha~❤
マゾチンポが耐えるのなんてぜったい無理❤カリ首なめられて、おっぱいで全部ズられてさ、ほら速攻射精しちゃえよ❤チンポ膨らんで、限界でしょ？,There's absolutely no way a masochistic cock like yours can endure this~❤ Having your cockhead licked; your entire shaft rubbed with my breasts... Hurry up and cum already!❤ Your throbbing cock is at its limit; isn't it?
亀頭に集まった精液、カリをぺろぺろして吹き出させてあげる❤３、２、１・・・❤どびゅどびゅー❤きゃははは❤,I'll lick around your ridge and help all that gathered semen in your tip burst out.❤ 3; 2; 1...❤ Splurt splurt~❤ Kyahahaha~❤
あ、あぐああっ❤あひぃっあ❤,Ah; aaahh!❤ Ahiiia!❤
あーおいしかった❤\nマゾをいじめて搾りだすエナジーって最高だよね❤\nこいつチンポ弱いくせに味はなかなかいいし♪,Mmm; that was delicious~❤ Energy squeezed from tormenting a masochist is simply the best; you know?❤ Despite having such a weak cock; this guy's flavor is actually pretty good~♪
んじゃ、バイバイー❤\nまた試合であったら、エナジーごちそうしてね❤\nんっちゅ❤,Well then; bye-bye!❤ When we meet in another match; treat me to your energy again; okay?❤ Mwah~❤
カラカラになるまで搾り取られた僕は、その後闘技場の医務室で目を覚ました。医療スタッフの話によると僕は寝ている間も体をビクビクと震わせ、うなされていたらしい。,After being drained completely dry; I woke up in the arena's infirmary. According to the medical staff; I had apparently been twitching and moaning in my sleep.
今も腰のあたりがジンジンとしびれているような気がする。強すぎる快感が残って、まるでうずいているようだ。,Even now; I feel a tingling sensation around my waist. The excessive pleasure lingers; almost like a throbbing ache.
「イキぐせが付く」なんてあのモンスターは言っていたけれど、そんなこと・・・。きっと大丈夫、心を入れ替えて次の試合から頑張れば、勝てないことはないはず・・・。,That monster said something about "getting addicted to cumming"... but surely that can't be true... I'll be fine. I just need to refocus and try harder for the next match. If I do that; there's no reason I can't win...
ふふ、あなた前回はこの子に負けたわよね。\nいきなさい、ツインスネイクを召喚！,Fufu; you lost to this little one last time; didn't you? Go; I summon Twinsnake!
あは、またあったねー。\nわたしのマスターにアンタが勝てるわけないじゃん❤\nほら、見てよ❤,Ah; we meet again. There's no way you can beat my master; right?❤ Look; look!❤
アンタがイきまくったわたしのおっぱい❤\nここでむぎゅーって挟んでゆさゆさ♪\nあの時最高だったでしょ？,These are the breasts that made you cum so much~❤ I squeezed you tightly between them and shook them so much~♪ Wasn't that just the best?
うっ、ううっ・・・・❤,Uuhh; oooh...❤
あは、速攻勃起してるし❤\nんじゃ、服の上からおっぱいを押し当ててっと❤,Aha; you're already getting hard!❤ Well then; I'll just press my breasts against you through your clothes~❤
ほら、イケ❤イケ❤射精しろ、ざーこ❤,Come on; cum~❤ Cum~❤ Let it all out; you loser~❤
あっ、あっ、そんなっ❤はひぃっ・・・❤,Ah; ah; if you do that...❤ Ahh...❤
きゃはは、試合始まってまだ１分経ってないんだけど？\nズボン越しにおっぱい押し当てただけ❤\nこんな刺激で射精するとか、もうチンポダメになっちゃってるね❤,Kyahaha; the match only started less than a minute ago; didn't it? All I did was press my breasts against you through your pants.❤ To finish from that little stimulation; your dick is already done for; isn't it?❤
アンタは一生あたしに勝てない❤\nほら、干からびるまでまた搾り取ってあげる・・・❤,You'll never be able to beat me now.❤ Look; I'll milk you again until you're all dried up...❤
ツインスネイクに刻み付けられた快楽は、僕を徹底的に弱くし、どれだけ強い意志で再戦しても彼女に全く歯が立たなくなってしまった。,The pleasure etched into me by the Twinsnake weakened me so thoroughly I became completely powerless against her; no matter how strong my resolve to fight.
他の女モンスターと戦うときも、その時の快感がフラッシュバックし、あっという間に魔力を搾り取られてしまう。僕は女モンスターに勝てない体になってしまったのだ。,Even when I fight other female monsters; the pleasure from that moment flashes back; and before I know it; my magical power is being drained away. My body just can't win against female monsters.
その後、僕は闘技場でまともな戦績をあげることもできず、上のランクを目指すことはできなかった。こうして蛇の女の子に人生を狂わされ、僕の冒険は幕を閉じたのだった。,After that; I couldn't make any headway in the arena; so I couldn't even aim for a higher rank. And so; my life was turned upside down by the snake girl; and my adventure came to an end.
んふ、エナジーおいしい❤\nこんだけおいしいんだもん、\n街中とかじゃなければ丸呑みしたかったな～。ざんねーん。,Mmm; your energy is delicious~❤ It's so tasty; if we weren't in the middle of the city; I'd be tempted to swallow you whole. What a shame.
このまま谷間にびゅー❤って射精しちゃえば？負けになるけど、きもちいーいよ❤,Why not pour your semen into my cleavage? You'd lose; but it would feel so good!❤
