default
カクテルフェアリー・シトラス,Cocktail Fairy - Citrus
EU36_paizuriAnime,
お酒に宿る精霊。シトラスは３匹の中で一番ものぐさで、いつもお酒に気だるげに浮かんでいる。男のエナジーの味は好きなので、ボーっとしてるだけでエナジーを勝手にくれる男が現れてほしいというのが最近の願いである。\n\n　ものぐさだが意外とテクニシャンで、興が乗った彼女に責められると格上の相手でもあっさり射精に追い込まれることがある。特に胸の張りは抜群で、鼻の頭やペニスの先端を挟まれると、想像以上の快楽にたいていの男はビクンと体を跳ねさせてしまう。\n\n　ミレーヌに使役されて酒場で仕事をしているが、あまりやる気がない。ただしミレーヌから与えられる魔力も嫌いではないので、しぶしぶ仕事をしている。,Cocktail Fairies are spirits that dwell in alcoholic beverages. Citrus is the laziest of the three; often found listlessly floating in her drink. She loves the taste of male energy and wishes for a guy who would just hand over his energy without her having to do anything. Despite her laziness; she's surprisingly skilled. When she gets excited; she can easily make even a strong opponent climax. Her breasts; in particular; are outstanding. When she squeezes a man's nose or the tip of his cock between them; the pleasure is enough to make most men jump in shock. She works at a tavern under Mylene's orders; though she isn't really motivated. However; she doesn't dislike the magic Mylene provides; so she reluctantly does her job.
[1].このカードが召喚に成功したとき発動する。デッキから同名カード以外の「カクテルフェアリー」モンスターを１枚手札に加える。,[1]. When this card is successfully summoned; add one "Cocktail Fairy" monster other than "Cocktail Fairy - Citrus" from your Deck to your hand.
[2].このカードがフィールド上に存在する限り、自分のレベル３以下モンスターが受ける戦闘ダメージは200ポイントダウンする。,[2]. As long as this card is on the field; the battle damage that your level 3 or lower monsters take is reduced by 200 points.
[3].このカードが特殊召喚に成功したとき発動する。デッキから魔法カードををランダムに１枚手札に加える。,[3]. Activate when this card is successfully Special Summoned. Add a random Magic Card from your Deck to your hand.
んー…。マスターに攻撃しろって言われたけど、めんどくさいなぁ。てきとうに手で触ってればいいかしら。,Hmmm... Master told me to attack; but that’s a pain in the ass. Maybe I’ll just casually touch you with my hand.
カリの張り出しているところを、手でしこしこ、しゅこしゅこ…。ん、こんなので気持ちいいの？簡単ね。,I'm rubbing and stroking the swollen head with my hand... Does that feel good? This is so easy.
あまり長く飛ぶのは疲れるわ。あなたのペニスの上で休ませて？よいしょ…。,Flying for too long is tiring. Can I rest on top of your cock? There we go...
ただで居座るのも悪いし、ほら、お礼。竿のところを片手でなでなでしといてあげる。わたしが休んでいる間、気持ちよくなっていいわよ。,It's a bit rude to just stay for free; so here; a little thank you. I'll softly stroke your shaft with one hand. Feel free to enjoy yourself while I'm resting.
ふわぁ～。戦うのってめんどくさくてあくびが出ちゃう。おちんちんいじめるのなんて、適当でいいよね。,Fuwaa~ Fighting is so tedious that it makes me yawn. It's fine if I just lazily tease your cock instead; right?
先っぽを手で捕まえて、ごしごし、しこしこ。あは、こんなので声出している。雑に触っているのに、気持ちいいんだ？敏感なところもっといじめてあげるから、早く射精してくれるといいなぁ。,Grabbing the tip with my hand; rubbing and stroking it roughly... Aha; you're moaning so much from just this much. Even though I'm touching you so carelessly; it still feels good; doesn't it? I'll tease your sensitive spots even more; so I hope you'll cum quickly.
うーん、そっちまで飛んでいくのもめんどくさいし、ほら、わたしのおっぱい見てオナニーしていいよ。,Hmm; even having to move over there is such a hassle... Hey; feel free to jerk off while looking at my tits.
グラスのへりにおっぱいのせてムニムニしていれば、エロくて勝手に興奮するでしょ？両手でムニムニ、ムニムニ…。あ、おちんちんびくってした。くすくす❤,If I press my breasts against the rim of the glass and squish them around; it's so erotic that you'll get excited on your own; right? Here; I'll squish them with both hands... Ah; your cock just twitched. Hehe~❤
攻撃かぁ、パイズリしてあげるのもめんどう…。てきとうにおっぱい揺らしてあげるから、勝手に負けてくれるといいんだけどなぁ。,Attacking; huh? Giving a titjob is too much work... I'll just shake my tits around randomly and hope you end up losing on your own.
両手でおっぱいを下から持ち上げて、それをたぷん❤って落とす。何回か繰り返して見せれば、むらむらしてくるでしょ。オナニーしていいよー。,Holding my breasts from below with both hands and gently squeezing them... then letting them drop.❤ If I repeat this a few times; you'll get all worked up; won't you? Go ahead and jerk off.
見て？カクテルをかき混ぜるやつを、おっぱいで挟んで、むにむに、ずりずり…。これならわたしはカクテルから出なくていいし、楽だよね。いっぱい見せてあげるからオナニーして負けていいよ❤,See? I’m using my breasts to squeeze and rub the cocktail stirrer... Squish~ Slide~ Stir~ This way; I don’t have to get out of my drink. Easy; right? I’ll show you plenty more; so go ahead and masturbate till you lose.❤
あなたもさ、戦いはめんどうでしょ。だからおちんちん触って頭からっぽにしちゃお？ほらほら、おっぱいをたぷたぷ、ゆっさゆっさ❤がまんしないでシコシコしちゃおうよ。,You know; fighting is such a hassle for you too; right? So why not just touch your cock and empty your mind? Look; look; my breasts are jiggling and bouncing...❤ Don’t hold back; go ahead and stroke it.
えー、わたしに気持ちよくしてほしいの？\nんー、めんどくさいなぁ・・・。,Ehhh; you want me to make you feel good? Hmm; that's such a hassle...
妖精のものぐさ手コキ,Lazy Fairy Handjob
妖精のものぐさ乳誘惑,Lazy Fairy Titty Seduction
なんでも,You decide
うわ、なんか希望まで言ってきたし。\nはぁー、めんどくさいけどさっさと抜いてあげるよ。\n代わりにおいしいエナジーちょうだいね？,Ugh; now you're even telling me what you want me to do. Fine; it's a hassle but I'll make you cum quickly. In return; give me some delicious energy; okay?
うわ、なんか希望まで言ってきたし。\n妖精おっぱいに興奮するとか、ヘンタイさんだね。くすくす❤,Ugh; now you're even telling me what you want me to do. Getting so aroused by fairy breasts... You're such a pervert; huh? Hehe~❤
めんどくさいけどさっさと抜いてあげる。\n代わりにおいしいエナジーちょうだいね？,It's a pain in the ass; but I'll get it over with quickly. Give me some good energy; will you?
ふふっ❤おっぱいでムラムして、そのまま射精しちゃった❤\nパイズリしてるわけでもないのに妄想で勝手に気持ちよくなって、\n弱いおちんちんだね。くすくす❤,Fufuu~❤ You got all aroused and ended up cumming from just the sight of my breasts alone.❤ Even though I wasn't giving you a titjob; you got lost in your own fantasies and got off. What a weak cock. Hehe~❤
くすくす❤こんな適当な手コキでイっちゃうんだね❤\n妖精の小さいおてては気持ちよかった？\nヘンタイさん❤,Hehe~❤ You ended up cumming from such a low-effort handjob.❤ Did my tiny fairy hands feel good? You pervert.❤
あっ、ああっ・・・。,Ah. Ahh..
あは❤おっぱい見せてたらオナニーほんとに止まらなくなっちゃったみたい。シコシコするのはやーい❤これならすぐ射精してくれそうだね。,Aha~❤ All I'm doing is showing you my breasts and you can't stop masturbating. You're stroking it so quickly~❤ At this rate; you’ll cum in no time; right?
じーっと見ておかずにしていいんだよ。\nわたしからもサービスしてあげる。肘でぎゅって寄せて、\nほら、深ーい谷間❤,Go ahead and use me as your jerk-off material; you can stare all you want. I’ll even give you a little service. Pressing my elbows together tightly... Look at that; such deep cleavage.❤
もしわたしが人間サイズだったら、\nあなたのおちんちんぐらい楽々挟める深さだよね。\nこんな風に強調されたらエロくてたまらないでしょ？,If I were human-sized; my cleavage would easily be deep enough for your entire cock to disappear in; right? Emphasizing it like this is just unbearably erotic; don't you think?
あは、どんどん扱くの早くなっている❤\n肘でおっぱいを寄せるだけでいいなんて楽で助かるなー。\nしこしこしこ❤しこしこしこ❤止まらないね❤,Aha~ You're stroking faster and faster.❤ It's so nice and easy that all I have to do is press my boobs together like this. That's it~❤ Stroke stroke stroke~❤ You can't stop; can you?❤
わたし全然動いてないし、\nこんなてきとうおっぱいアピールで頭まっしろになってくれるんだもん。すごく楽❤,I'm not even moving at all; and yet just casually emphasizing my breasts has made your mind go blank. This is so easy.❤
ねえ、とっても小さな妖精に、片手間に負けさせられちゃうのって悔しい？おちんちん攻撃されているわけでもないのに、おっぱいアピールでむらむらが抑えられなくなって、自分でしごきはじめちゃって、それで自爆♪,Hey; does it frustrate you to be defeated so easily by a tiny fairy who's not even trying? I'm not even attacking your cock; and yet you couldn't resist my titty-tease. You started stroking yourself; and now you're just cumming all on your own.♪
そんな負け方しているのに、おちんちんシコシコしてて悔しくならないのかなぁ。そんなことどうでもよくなるぐらい、気持ちよくて気持ちよくて、頭まっしろなのかなぁ。,You should be frustrated losing like this; but you're just stroking faster instead. I wonder if you feel so good that you don't care about such things. Maybe your mind is blank of anything but pleasure...
ふふ、もうすぐ出しちゃうね。おちんちんから白いのびゅーって出しちゃう。しょうがないから、ちょっと近くまで飛んで行ってあげる。,Fufu; you're about to cum soon; right? Your cock is going to shoot out white. Well; I guess I have no choice... I'll fly a little closer to you.
ほら、わたしの谷間に出していいよ❤あなたがおかずにしていた妖精おっぱい❤あなたのエナジーで真っ白にしちゃお？くすくす❤,Here; you can cum in my cleavage.❤ These fairy breasts you've been fapping to...❤ Paint them white with your energy; okay? Hehe~❤
んー？わたしでオナニーしたいの？何もしなくて負けてくれるなんて楽だね。ありがとー。,Hmm? So you want to masturbate while thinking of me? It's so easy for me when you just lose on your own without me having to do anything. Thanks~
わたしは何もしないでじーっとしているから、好きなだけ見ておかずにしていいんだよ。あ、これだけはしてあげる。肘でぎゅって寄せて、ほら、深ーい谷間❤,I'm just going to stay perfectly still and let you look as much as you want. Go ahead and use me as your jerk-off material. Oh; I’ll do this for you though; pressing my elbows together tightly... Look at that... Such a deeeep cleavage.❤
もしわたしが人間サイズだったら、あなたのおちんちんぐらい楽々挟める深さだよね。谷間作ってあげるからオカズにしていいよ❤って、あは、どんどん扱くの早くなっている❤,Imagine if I were human-sized... My tits would swallow your cock whole. I'll squeeze my boobs together to make a nice deep valley for you; so go ahead and use it as your jerk-off material.❤ Ahaha; you're stroking faster and faster.❤
肘でおっぱいを寄せるだけでいいなんて簡単で助かるなー。わたし全然動いてないし、こんなてきとうおっぱいアピールで頭まっしろになってくれるんだもん。すごく楽❤,Just pressing my elbows together to squeeze my breasts makes things so easy for me. I'm not even moving at all; and you're already turning into a mindless mess from this casual tease. It's so effortless.❤
そんな負け方しているのに、おちんちんシコシコしてて悔しくならないのかなぁ。それとも、そんなことどうでもよくなるぐらい、気持ちよくて気持ちよくて、頭まっしろなのかなぁ。,Doesn't it frustrate you that you're still eagerly stroking your cock; even though you're losing in such an embarrassing way? Or maybe it feels so unbelievably good that nothing else matters... Is your mind completely blank and lost in pleasure?
あひぃっ…❤,Ahh...❤
くす❤たくさん出たね。おっぱいが白いのでどろどろになっちゃった❤,Heh~❤ You came so much. My breasts got all covered in your sticky white cum.❤
こんなに何もしないで勝てるなんて、ラッキーな試合だったね。マスターくんが理性の弱い男の子でよかった❤,Winning without doing anything... What a lucky match. I'm glad you turned out to be a boy with such weak self-control; my dear cardmaster.❤
他の人も同じぐらい簡単に負けてくれるといいなぁ❤戦わないで済むし。みんなおっぱいでオナニーしていいよ❤,I hope others will be just as easy to beat.❤ That way; I won't have to fight. Everyone can just jerk off to my breasts.❤
あは❤あなたもさっきの人と同じだね。おっぱい見せてたらオナニー止まらなくなっちゃったみたい。夢中になってシコシコ❤シコシコ❤これならすぐ射精してくれそうだね。,Aha~❤ You’re just like the last guy. Once I've shown you my breasts; you just can't stop masturbating; huh? Get lost in them; just stroking~❤ And stroking~❤ I'm sure you’ll cum any moment now.
じーっと見ておかずにしていいんだよ。わたしからもサービスしてあげる。肘でぎゅって寄せて、ほら、深ーい谷間❤,Go ahead; stare and use me as your fap material~ I’ll even give you a little service. Pressing my elbows together tightly... Look at that... Such deep cleavage.❤
もしわたしが人間サイズだったら、あなたのおちんちんぐらい楽々挟める深さだよね。こんな風に強調されたらエロくてたまらないでしょ？あは、どんどん扱くの早くなっている❤,If I were human-sized; my cleavage would be deep enough to easily swallow your cock. When I emphasize it like this; it's unbearably erotic; don't you think? Ahaha; you're stroking faster and faster.❤
肘でおっぱいを寄せるだけでいいなんてみんなチョロいなー。わたし全然動いてないし、こんなてきとうおっぱいアピールで次々負けに来てくれるんだもん。すごく楽❤,Just resting my elbows and letting my tits dangle is enough; isn't it? Everyone gets all worked up from just that. I'm not even moving that much. You all just keep losing control and cumming when I lazily sway my boobs. It's amazing how easy it is~❤
ねえ、わたしあなたの顔よりも小さいんだよ？そんな子に片手間に負けさせられちゃうのって悔しいんじゃない？おちんちん攻撃されているわけでもないのに、おっぱいアピールでむらむらが抑えられなくなって、自分でしごきはじめちゃって、それで自爆♪,Hey; did you realize I'm smaller than your face? Isn't it frustrating to lose to a tiny girl like me who isn't even trying that hard? Even though I'm not attacking your cock; you couldn't resist how aroused my voluptuous breasts made you. Now you're stroking yourself and you'll blow soon~♪
さっきの人もあなたも、おちんちんシコシコしてて悔しくならないのかなぁ。そんなことどうでもよくなるぐらい、気持ちよくて気持ちよくて、頭まっしろなのかなぁ。,I wonder; do you and the last guy feel any shame at all while stroking your cock like this? Or is it so unbelievably good that nothing else matters... Your minds get completely blank and lost in pleasure; is that it?
んー？あなたもわたしでオナニーしたいの？何もしなくて負けてくれるなんて楽だね。ありがとー。,Hmm? So you want to masturbate to me as well? Well thanks~ It's so easy for me when you just lose on your own without me doing anything.
わたしは何もしないでじーっとしているから、好きなだけ見ておかずにしていいんだよ。あ、あなたにもこれだけはしてあげる。肘でぎゅって寄せて、ほら、深ーい谷間❤,I'm just going to stay perfectly still and let you look as much as you want; so use me as your jerk-off material. Oh; I'll do this for you though; pressing my elbows together tightly... Look at that deep cleavage.❤
肘でおっぱいを寄せるだけでいいなんてみんな簡単で助かるなー。わたし全然動いてないし、こんなてきとうおっぱいアピールで頭まっしろになってくれるんだもん。すごく楽❤,Just pressing my elbows together to squeeze my breasts... Everyone is so easy. I'm not even moving; and they're turning into mindless messes from my casual breast tease. It's so effortless~❤
ねえ、とっても小さい女の子に、片手間に負けさせられちゃうのって悔しい？おちんちん攻撃されているわけでもないのに、おっぱいアピールでむらむらが抑えられなくなって、自分でしごきはじめちゃって、それで自爆♪,Hey; does it frustrate you to be defeated so easily by such a tiny girl who's not even trying hard? Even though I'm not attacking your cock; you couldn't resist my breast tease; got all aroused; and started stroking yourself... only to end up cumming~♪
他の人も同じぐらい簡単に負けてくれるといいなぁ❤戦わないで済むし。みんなおっぱいでオナニーしていいよ❤ほらほらぁ❤,I hope the others will be just as easy to beat.❤ That way; I won't have to fight. Everyone; feel free to jerk off to my breasts~❤ Look; squish squish~❤
んー、すごい小さくなったね。妖精のわたしよりもさらに小さい…。,Hmm; you've become so tiny. Even compared to a fairy like me...
これなら軽そうだし、適当におっぱいに挟んでたら\n簡単にイかせられるかな？,Now that you're so small; do you think I can make you cum just by casually squeezing you between my breasts?
んじゃ、揺らすね。よいしょっ・・・❤,Alright then; I'll shake things up. Here we go...❤
イクんだ？いいよ❤パイズリで負けちゃえ❤ほら、ずりずりー❤,Are you going to cum? That's fine.❤ Lose to my breasts.❤ Come on; feel how pleasurable they are.❤
あん、逃げなくてもいいのに。\nおっぱいに埋もれるなんてなかなかできないよ？,Aww; you don't have to run away. Being buried in my breasts is a rare experience; you know?
もう魔法の効果は切れちゃったみたいだし、\n体の大きさも元に戻っちゃったね。残念❤,It looks like the magic's effect has worn off; and your body has returned to its normal size. What a shame.❤
おっぱいゆさゆさー・・・❤,Jiggling my boobs...❤
やわらかい？どんどん谷間にはまり込んでいくね。ふふふ❤,It's really soft; isn’t it? You're slipping deeper and deeper into my cleavage. Fufufu.❤
射精するまで楽しんでいいよ。,Enjoy yourself until you cum.
くすくす❤そんな大きさじゃわたしにはもう勝てないね。,Hehe~❤ At that size; you won’t be able to beat me anymore.
ずりずり❤ずりずり❤おっぱいの中楽しい？,Slipping and sliding~❤ Are you having fun being buried in my breasts?
このまま一歩も動かないで倒せるかな。ほらほら❤おっぱいゆさゆさ❤,Maybe I can just keep you pinned like this; unable to move. There you go.❤ Just enjoy these amazing breasts.❤
上に持ち上げてから、たぷん。ふふ、おっぱいで体中もみくちゃだね。,Lifting them up... And then plop! Fufu; your entire body is being smothered by my breasts.
体を小さくされてまで頑張らなくてもいいんじゃない？\nパイズリの気持ちよさに負けちゃお？,You don't have to work so hard even after being shrunk down; do you? Just give in to my titjob and let yourself lose; okay?
両手でおっぱい動かすのもけっこう大変かも。早く射精しないかなー。,Moving my heavy boobs with both hands is actually pretty tiring. Hurry up and cum already...
頭からっぽにしておっぱい楽しんでいいよ❤,Empty your mind and just enjoy my breasts.❤
ふふ、完全に無抵抗❤挟まれたときからイクことで頭いっぱいみたいだね。,Fufu; completely compliant.❤ From the moment I wrapped these tits around you; your mind's been short-circuited by the pleasure; right?
んー、暴れるのはやめにしたの？その方がいいよ。わたしとしても楽で助かるし。,Hmm; settling down now? That's more like it. It's much easier for me when you don't struggle.
おっぱいにメロメロだね。くすくす❤,You're completely lost in my breasts; aren't you? Hehe~❤
気持ちよすぎて逃げる気なくなっちゃった？,Are you feeling so good that you've given up on escaping?
パイズリで射精したい？いいよ、そのままじっとしててね❤,Does that mean you want to cum from my paizuri? Alright; just stay right there.❤
ふふ、マスターなのにパイズリされるがままだね。おっぱい好きなの？,Fufu; even though you're a cardmaster; you're just letting yourself be dominated by my paizuri. Do you love my breasts that much?
上級モンスターなのに低レベルモンスターにされるがまま。\n気持ちよくて暴れるのもやめちゃったね。,Even though you're an advanced-level monster; you've given in to a lowly fairy. It feels so good that you even stopped struggling.
じっとしててくれてうれしいなー。\nお礼にパイズリで腰ごとおちんちんを気持ちよくしてあげる❤,I'm so happy you're staying still for me. As a reward; I'll pleasure your whole body with my paizuri.❤
何もしてないのに勝手に負けてくれてありがと❤\nくすくす❤これだけ楽な試合もそんなにないよ❤,Thank you for losing on your own without me having to do anything.❤ Hehe~❤ Such an effortless match like this is rare; you know.❤
くす、おっぱいで興奮して射精しちゃったんだ❤\n妖精おっぱい見せつけられただけでイクなんて、とっても弱いのね❤,Heh; you got so aroused by my breasts that you ended up cumming.❤ Just seeing a fairy's breasts made you finish... You're really weak; aren't you?❤
くすくす❤雑にさわってただけなのにもう射精してる❤\n小さい手でおちんちんいじめられて、こんなに出しちゃうんだね❤,Hehe~❤ I was just casually handling your dick; and you already came.❤ I barely teased you with my tiny hands; but you ended up cumming so much; hmm?❤
ミレーヌさんが使う小さなフェアリーモンスターに敗れた僕は、闘技場の地面に膝をついてうずくまっていた。,Defeated by Mylene's small fairy monster; I collapsed to my knees on the arena floor.
決着ー！！勝者はミレーヌ選手！,It's settled! The winner is Mylene!
妖精モンスターに翻弄され、\n期待のルーキーはあえなく撃沈！\nDランクマスターたち相手に、連勝は難しかったか！,The promising rookie was mercilessly toyed with and swiftly sunk by the fairy monster! It looks like his winning streak was just too difficult to maintain against D-rank masters!
あは、ほとんど動かないで勝てちゃった。\n手の平サイズの妖精にてきとーに相手されて\n射精させられちゃうなんて、カッコ悪いね❤,Ahaha; I barely had to move and I still won. Being made to cum by a tiny fairy who's just playing around... Isn’t that pretty embarrassing for you?❤
わたしに続きをしてほしい？\nしてほしいならしてあげるよ。\n代わりに、わたしのところまで自分で歩いてきてね❤,Do you want more? If you want me to continue; then I'll do it for you. But in return; walk over to me yourself.❤
あうう・・・❤もっと・・・❤,Ohhh...❤ More...❤
くすくす❤まともに歩けないはずなのに、\nそれでもふらふら妖精に向かって近づいて、\nすっかりあの子に夢中みたいね❤,Hmhmhm~❤ Even though you can barely walk straight; you're still stumbling towards my fairy... Look at you; completely smitten by her.❤
妖精の快楽をもっと楽しみたいなら手伝ってあげる❤\n＜ミニマムマジック＞を発動！,If you want to enjoy more of my fairy's pleasure; I'll help you with that.❤ Activating <Minimize Magic>!
見上げるほどわたしが大きくなって驚いちゃった？\n実際はあなたがアリみたいに小さくなっているのよ。,Are you surprised that you have to look up at me now? It's because you've shrunk down to the size of an ant.
シトラスちゃんはめんどくさがりだから、\n豆粒みたいなあなたはわたしが運んであげる。\n指で背中をつまみあげて、天国みたいな場所にご招待よ❤,Since Citrus is lazy; I'll carry you; you tiny speck. I'll pinch your back with my fingers and invite you to paradise.❤
天国ってどこだと思う？\n正解はわたしの谷間❤\nはい、おいで～❤,Where do you think paradise is? The correct answer is my cleavage.❤ Come on in~❤
こうやっておっぱいまで運んでもらえると楽でいいよね。\nあとはただおっぱいを動かすだけでいいし❤,It's nice and easy when they're delivered directly into my breasts like this. After that; all I have to do is move my boobs around.❤
ゆさゆさゆさって軽く揺らしてるだけで、\nおいしい魔力がどぴゅどぴゅ搾れちゃうの❤\nらくちん～❤,Just lightly shaking them up and down gets all that delicious magic power spurting out.❤ It's so easy~❤
あひっ、あふぅっ❤すごいっ❤\nああっ、きもちよくてっ、あっ、あっ、もうっ❤,Ah... Ugh...❤ This feels amazing...❤ Oh; it’s so good...! Ah; ah; I'm already...!❤
あは❤もうイっちゃうの？\n挟んだばっかりなのに早すぎじゃない？,Aha~❤ Are you already going to cum? We just started; isn't it a bit too soon?
わたしの巨乳に体中ズリズリされるの、気持ちよすぎちゃったかな❤\nキミみたいなザコちんちんじゃ耐えられないか❤,Does it feel so good getting your whole body rubbed by my huge breasts? I guess a weak; little cock like yours can't handle it.❤
いいよ、すぐ出してくれた方が楽だし❤\nほらほら、出して出して❤\n激しくゆさゆさ～❤,That's fine; it's easier for me if you cum quickly anyway.❤ Come on; let it out; let it out!❤ I'll bounce them harder for you~❤
はぐぅうっ❤あっ、ああっ❤,Hngh...❤ Ah... Ahh...❤
んふふ❤濃い魔力がたっぷり出てる❤\nほんとに全然耐えられなかったね。,Mmfufu.❤ So much thick magic power is pouring out.❤ You really couldn't handle it at all.
これだけ簡単に射精してくれてそのうえ魔力もおいしいし人、\nけっこう珍しいかも❤,To think you'd cum this easily; and have such delicious magic power; too... People like you are pretty rare.❤
いつでも魔力補給ができるように、\n谷間にずっといてほしいぐらいだよ❤\nネックレスみたいに首からかけておこうかな～❤,I'd love to keep you in my cleavage all the time so I can always replenish my magic power.❤ Maybe I'll wear you around like a necklace~❤
あは、こんなこと言われて喜んじゃってるし❤\n妖精の谷間に住みたいの？うれしそうな顔をして、\nおちんちんも固くして、ヘンタイだね❤くすくす❤,Aha; you're actually happy to hear that~❤ Do you want to live in a fairy’s cleavage? With that delighted look on your face and your dick getting so hard; I bet you do... You're a pervert; hmm~?❤ Hehe~❤
小人化の効果はあまり長く続かないから、\nとりあえず搾れるだけ搾ったら解放してあげる❤\n束の間の天国を楽しんで、その分たっぷり魔力をごちそうしてね❤,The effect of being miniaturized won't last long; so I'll squeeze out as much as I can before letting you go.❤ Enjoy this brief stay in heaven; and in return; offer me plenty of your delicious magic power.❤
さっきあんなに出したのにおちんちんガチガチだね❤\nおっぱいでまたズリズリされてうれしい？\n気持ちよくて腰が溶けちゃいそう？,Even though you came so much just a moment ago; your cock is rock hard again~❤ Are you happy to be imprisoned by my breasts again? Does it feel so good that your hips might melt?
おっぱいを持ち上げて、ちょっと揺らしてるだけなのにね❤\n片手間で何回もイかされちゃって恥ずかしくないのかな❤うりうり❤,Even though I'm just lifting my boobs and shaking them a little~❤ Isn't it embarrassing to be made to cum so many times so effortlessly?❤ Squish; squish~❤
あひ、あっ、そんなこと言われてもっ❤\nあひぃっ❤❤きもちよすぎてっ❤ああっ❤❤❤,Ahh; oh... Even if you say that...❤ Ahh!❤ It's too good... Ahh...❤❤❤
くすくす❤雑に激しく揺らされるの興奮しちゃう？\nパイズリテクとか考えないで揺らしてるんだけど、\nたくさん喘ぎ声が出ちゃうね❤,Hehe~❤ Are you getting excited from being shaken about like this? I'm not even thinking about any paizuri techniques; but you keep moaning so much~❤
ほらほら、もっと激しく揺らしてあげる❤\nまたおいしい精液出してね～❤ゆさゆさゆさっ♪,Come on; I'll shake you even harder.❤ Give me more of your delicious cum~ Shake; shake; shake~♪
あは、おいしい～❤もっともっと、ほらほらぁ❤,Ah; delicious~❤ More; more... Oh yes~❤
くすくす❤気絶しちゃった❤\n小さい妖精にこんなに骨抜きにされちゃって、\nカッコ悪いマスターくん❤,Hehe~❤ You passed out.❤ Being completely at the mercy of a tiny fairy... What a pathetic master you are~❤
それからしばらくして。,Some time later.
あら、誰かと思えばこの間のルーキーくんじゃない。\nお店に来てくれたのね。うれしい❤,Oh; if it isn't Mister Rookie again. You've come back to the shop; hmm? I'm so happy to see you.❤
え？また試合の時の魔法をかけてほしいって？\nあのときされたパイズリが忘れられなくて、それで修行が手につかない？,Oh? You want me to use the same magic from our last match again? You can't forget about the paizuri you got back then; and it's distracting you from your training?
くすくす❤新人マスターくんの性癖をだいぶゆがめちゃったみたいね❤\nうーん、でもただでそんなことしてあげる理由もないのよね。,Hmhmhm~❤ It seems I've twisted your kinks quite a bit; Mister Rookie.❤ Hmm; but I don't really have a reason to do that for you for free.
あら、これはお金？\nふふふ❤わたしに頼むためにこんなにたくさんお金を用意してきたんだ❤\n必死過ぎてかわいいわ❤,Oh; is that money? Fufufu...❤ You’ve come prepared with this much cash just to beg me? You're so adorable and desperate; aren't you?❤
しょうがない。特別よ？\n{自分}、こっちに来なさい。,I guess I have no choice. This is a special exception; alright? Come here; Citrus.
えー、行くのめんどくさーい。なに～？\nって、あ、この間の弱いマスターくんじゃない。,Ugh; coming over is such a hassle. What is it? Oh; isn't this the weak master from last time?
んふふ、そっかまたわたしに魔力を搾り取ってほしいんだ❤\n体中をおっぱいでズリズリされるの気持ちよかったもんねー❤,Mmfufu; I see... You want me to drain your magic power again.❤ It felt good having your whole body rubbed by my breasts; didn't it~?❤
お金をマスターにたくさん持ってきてまで頼むなんて……。\nえ？こっちはわたしのためのお菓子？\nんふふ❤わたしにも持ってくるなんて偉いじゃん❤,You went as far as bringing a lot of money to beg... Oh? And are these sweets for me? Mmm; how thoughtful of you to bring something for me; too.❤
ま、いまお客さんも少ないし、いいよ❤気持ちよくしてあげる❤\nマスターもわたしがこれだけお金を稼いだなら、\n酒場でのお仕事はなしにしてくれるでしょ？,Well; since there are just a few customers right now; I'll do it.❤ I'll make you feel good~❤ And if I've earned this much money; master will give me the day off; right?
そうね。魔力もお金ももらえるなら悪くないし、いいわよ。\n魔力搾精が終わったら、今日はあなたの仕事はおしまいにしてあげる。,I suppose... It's not bad if I get both the magic power and the money; so okay. Once the magic extraction is done; I'll let you off your duties for the day.
それじゃあ小人化の魔法をかけるわね♪\n＜ミニマムマジック＞を発動❤,Alright then; I'll cast the miniaturization spell~♪ Activating <Minimize Magic>❤
背中をつまんでおっぱいの中に入れてあげる。\nシトラスちゃんのパイズリをたっぷり楽しみなさい❤,I'll pinch your back and place you into her cleavage. Enjoy the full experience of Citrus’s paizuri~❤
お客さんに気づかれないように、カウンターの下でいじめてあげるね❤\nあなたもわたしも小さいから、隠れながらエッチなことするには便利だね。,I'll tease you under the counter so the customers don't notice.❤ Since we're both small; it's convenient for doing naughty things in secret; don't you think?
でもあんまり大きな声出すと気づかれちゃうから、\n少しは喘ぎ声抑えないとダメだよ？\nほらほらほら♪,But if you make too much noise; they'll notice; so you need to keep your moans down a bit; okay? Here we go; you're gonna feel it now~♪
はひぃっ❤きもちいいっ❤\nしあわせぇ❤,Ahh...❤ It feels so good...❤ I'm in heaven...❤
その後、僕はすっかり{自分}の与える快楽の虜になってしまった。,After that; I became completely captivated by the pleasure that Citrus gave me.
Aランクを目指すためには、闘技場で戦績を残さなければならない。しかし、僕は試合も修行も放り出し、{自分}に気持ちよくしてもらうためだけにひたすらお金稼ぎに時間を使うようになった。,To reach A-rank; I had to achieve results in the arena. However; I completely abandoned both my matches and training; spending all my time earning money just to pay for the pleasure Citrus gave me.
しかし、そんな無理な散財が続くはずもなく、あっという間に僕の所持金は底をついてしまった。魔力を頻繁に彼女たちにささげているせいで、バトルの成績も段々と悪くなっていった。,However; such reckless spending couldn't continue for long; and soon my funds were completely depleted. Because I frequently dedicated my magic to them; my battle performance gradually worsened as well.
危険な仕事や怪しい契約に手を出して何とか金を手に入れているが、果たしてこの生活をいつまで維持することができるのだろうか。,Engaging in dangerous jobs and suspicious contracts to somehow get by with some money... I wonder just how long I can keep up this lifestyle.
こうして小さな妖精の虜となった僕は、昇格の道を手放し、その場暮らしの生活へと転落した。僕の冒険はフェアリーの貢ぎ奴隷としてその幕を閉じたのだった。,And so; captivated by the small fairy; I let go of my path to promotion and descended into a life of day-to-day survival. My adventure concluded as a fairy’s tribute slave.
んー…。マスターに攻撃しろって言われたけど、めんどくさいなぁ。\nてきとうに手で触ってればいいかしら。,Hmm... Master told me to attack; but it’s such a hassle. Maybe I'll just touch you half-heartedly with my hand.
カリの張り出しているところを、手でしこしこ、しゅこしゅこ…。\nん、こんなので気持ちいいの？簡単ね。,Stroking the part where you’re bulging out with my hand... Yeah; just like that; pumping it up and down... Hmm; does that feel good? This is so easy.
あまり長く飛ぶのは疲れるわ。あなたのペニスの上で休ませて？\nよいしょ…。,Flying for too long tires me out. Can I rest on top of your penis? Here we go...
ただで居座るのも悪いし、ほら、お礼。\n竿のところを片手でなでなでしといてあげる。\nわたしが休んでいる間、気持ちよくなっていいわよ。,I feel bad for just sitting around; so here... As a thank you; I’ll gently stroke your shaft with one hand. While I’m resting; you can enjoy yourself.
ふわぁ～。戦うのってめんどくさくてあくびが出ちゃう。\nおちんちんいじめるのなんて、適当でいいよね。,Fuwaa~ Fighting is such a hassle; it makes me yawn. You don't mind if I only tease your dick half-heartedly; right?
こんなに何もしないで勝てるなんて、\n闘技場のときはまぐれ勝ちだったのかな？\nマスターくんが理性の弱い男の子でよかった❤,Winning so easily without doing anything... Was it just a fluke that you won in the arena before? I'm so glad you're a boy with weak self-control~❤
他の人も同じぐらい簡単に負けてくれるといいなぁ❤\n戦わないで済むし。みんなおっぱいでオナニーしていいよ❤,I hope everyone else loses just as easily.❤ That way; I won't have to fight. You all can just jerk off to my boobs instead~❤
何もしてないのに勝手に負けてくれてありがと❤\n対戦相手がみんなこれぐらい楽だといいのに❤,Thank you for losing on your own without me doing anything.❤ If only all my opponents were this easy.❤
