default
踊り子サキュバス,Dancer Succubus
踊り子がサキュバスになったモンスター。素早い動きで相手を翻弄し、攻撃をかわしながらセクシーな踊りでこちらの理性を削ってくる。気が付けば攻撃している側の動きは遅くなり、いつの間にか踊りに見とれて棒立ちになってしまっているという。,A dancer who; though once human; has been turned into a succubus. She seduces her targets and slowly makes them lose their minds by performing a sexy dance amidst dodging attacks with agile steps. Before her victims can even realize it; they'll start slowing down and ultimately stopping altogether to watch her dance in a daze.
EU84_footJobAnime,
うふ❤いい音楽ね❤\n合わせてわたしの踊りも見せてあげる❤\nあはーん❤,Ah!❤ That's such a nice melody.❤ I'll match my dance to the rhythm❤ Ahaaaaan~❤
ふふ、みんな前かがみになってる❤\nお姉さんのセクシーな踊りを見てたら、ギンギンに勃起しちゃったんだ？\n男の子って分かりやすい❤,Ehehe. Everyone's slouching over.❤ Did you end up popping boners at the sight of my sexy dance? You boys are so easy to understand.❤
そんな状態じゃまともに剣も触れないわよね❤\nシコシコして、一回すっきりした方がいいんじゃない？\nくすくす❤,It's getting difficult to hold onto your swords in that state; right? Why don't you stroke one off to clear your mind? Ehehehe.❤
あはんってエッチな声をあげながら、身をくねらせてあげれば\n男の人はすぐにメロメロ❤\n戦うのも忘れてわたしの身体に見入っちゃうの❤,Ahaaan~❤ Men can't help falling for my charm when I dance and make lewd voices.❤ They get so fixated on my body that they forget they're in the middle of a duel.❤
くすくす❤あなたももうメロメロみたい❤\nはぁはぁしながら踊りに見とれて、\nもう戦いのことなんて考えられないのね❤,Ehehe.❤ Looks like you've already fallen for me.❤ You're just panting and watching my dance.❤ Fighting has been blown out of your mind.❤
ほら、隙だらけのおちんちん、手で甘く可愛がってあげる❤\n手の平で裏側からなでて、指を亀さんのところで躍らせれば・・・❤\nくす、完全に腰砕けね❤,Let me try caressing your defenceless penis.❤ When I run my fingers across your glans and stroke the backside like this... Ehehe. Your legs will completely give out.❤
ほら、あなたの目の前で胸をゆさゆさ、\n腰をくねらせてあはーん❤ってセクシーダンス❤,Look how I'm shaking my hips and boobs right on front of you in a sexy dance.❤ Ahaaan~❤
くすくす❤これだけ近づいて踊っているのに、\n攻撃全然当てられないね。ムラムラしちゃって集中できない？\nそれならもっとお姉さんがムラムラさせてあげる❤,Ehehe.❤ Even when I'm so close to you, your attacks aren't hitting at all.❤ Are you getting so horny that you can't concentrate? Let's see if I can make you even hornier.❤
たとえば、おちんちんに触れそうなところで布をひらひら❤\n耳に甘ーい吐息をふぅー・・・❤\nあは、とろけちゃってかわいい❤,Let's see... What if I flutter my clothes near your penis, right at the brink of touching it? Or blow sweet breaths into your ears? Fuuuh~❤ Ahaha❤ It's like you're melting from pleasure.❤ How adorable.❤
くすくす❤顔が真っ赤ね❤\nお姉さんの踊りを見て、そんなに興奮しちゃったんだ？\nかわいいー❤,Ehehehe.❤ Your face is completely flushed.❤ Is the sight of my dance turning you on that badly? That's so cute.❤
攻撃はしてくるけど、\nそんな前かがみの姿勢じゃ、わたしには当てられないよ？\n踊りながらでも、ひら、ひらって簡単にかわせちゃう❤,You keep trying to attack; but you'll never hit me hunched-over like that. I can easily dodge swings; even mid-dance.❤
もう武器なんて放り出して、代わりにその勃起したおちんちん、\n私に向かって突き出したらどう？\nおっぱいとかお尻で、たくさん可愛がってあげるわよ❤,Why don't you put your weapon away and stick out your penis instead? I'll give it lots of love with my boobs and butt.❤
ほら、手は後ろに組んで、おちんちんだけ突き出すの❤\n・・・・くす❤ほんとにやっちゃうんだ❤,Now; put your hands behind your back and stick out your hips...❤ Ahaha.❤ You really went and did it.❤
ねえ、戦うのなんてやめましょう？\nそんなことするより、お姉さんの踊りを見てるほうがずっと楽しいわ❤,Hey; can we stop fighting? I think you'll have a much better time watching my dance.❤
ほら、腰をくねらせてお尻をゆらゆら❤\n前かがみになって谷間を、ゆさっ♪ゆさっ♪\nエッチな声もおまけでつけて、あん、あんっ❤あはーん❤,Watch how I'm swinging my hips and shaking my ass.❤ And then; I'll bend over toward you and shake my boobs♪ I'll even add lewd moans as extra spice. Ah~❤ Aaah~❤ Ahaan~❤
くすくす❤頭の中ぽわーってなって何も考えられなくなっちゃうね❤\n武器もからーんって落としちゃったし、あなたはもうわたしの虜❤\nもっと踊ってあげるから、夢心地のまま、快楽に溺れちゃえ❤,Ehehe.❤ Your mind is starting to blank out so badly that you can't think straight; right?❤ You've even dropped your weapon to show how you've fallen captive to my charms.❤ I'll keep dancing; so go ahead and lose yourself deeper into your pleasure trance.❤
わたしの踊りを見ているだけで、男の人は頭がふわふわ・・・♪\n戦ってたことなんて忘れて、中にはシコシコ始めちゃう人もいるの❤,Just the sight of my dance makes men space out...♪ Some even end up forgetting that they're in the middle of a fight and start masturbating.❤
あなたも、くすくす❤\n無意識かもしれないけど、おちんちん触り始めてる❤\nそのままシコシコして、エッチなお姉さんに負けちゃいなさい❤,Ehehe.❤ I don't know if you're consciously doing it; but you; too; have started touching yourself.❤ Keep up with the stroking and lose to my lewd dance.❤
リズムに合わせて妖しいダンス♪\n見てるとどんどんメロメロになっちゃう、危険な淫魔の踊り❤\nくす、見てたらまずいって思うのに、目離せないね❤,Watch how I seductively dance to the rhythm♪ This is the succubus's dangerous dance that charms those who keep looking.❤ Ehehe.❤ You can't take your eyes away from me; even when you know you should avert your gaze.❤
男の子のムラムラを煽ってあげれば、\n理性なんて何の役にも立たないの❤\nほらほらぁ、もっと釘付けになっちゃえ❤,Boys' minds stop working logically when they get horny.❤ Now; keep your eyes locked on my body and keep watching.❤
踊っているわたしを見てたら、\n揺れるおっぱいとか、健康的なふとももとか、\n視線が吸い寄せられてムラムラしちゃうわよね。,You can't help getting horny when my dance draws your eyes to my bouncing boobs and thick thighs; right?
おっぱいで挟んでスリスリされたい？\nふとももの間におちんちん突き入れて、パンパンってしたい？\nあなたが選んでいいのよ❤,Would you like to put your penis between my boobs and get it tightly squeezed? Or maybe you would prefer sticking it between my thighs and thrusting away? You can pick the way you want it.❤
ほら武器を捨ててお姉さんのところへおいで❤\n淫魔の身体で、あなたの弱点を甘ーく蕩けさせてあげる❤,C'mon.❤ Put your weapon away and come to me.❤ I'll make your penis melt in pleasure with my succubus body.❤
くす❤「おねがい、気持ちよくして」って頼んじゃうのね❤\n踊りを見てたらムラムラしちゃった？,Ehehe.❤ You're begging me to make you feel good.❤ Did the sight of my dance make you that horny?
お望みどおり、あなたのこといっぱいからかってあげる❤\n踊りながら手で触ったり、息を吹きかけたり…❤\nこらえ性のないおちんちんでお射精我慢できるかしら。, I'll make you feel amazing; just like you want.❤ I'll continue to dance while touching you with my hands; blowing sweet breaths on you; and much more...❤ I wonder if your weak penis can endure cumming from all this.
くす❤「おねがい、気持ちよくして」って頼んじゃうのね❤\nわたしの体を見てたらムラムラしちゃった？,You're begging me to make you feel good.❤ Did the sight of my body make you that horny?❤
あん、先っぽ責めてあげたらすぐに射精しちゃったわ❤\nって、あらあら、腰砕けでもう立てないの？,Ah~❤ You came right away after I touched the tip.❤ Oh dear... Did your legs give out? Can you not get up anymore?
お姉さんの手コキのテクニック、\n腰が抜けるぐらい気持ちよかったのね❤うふふ♪,Was my handjob technique so amazing that your legs gave out?❤ Ehehe♪
くすくす❤踊りに興奮して、触ってないのに射精しちゃった❤\nエッチすぎるよぉって我慢できなくなっちゃったのかしら❤,Ehehe.❤ You got so horny watching my dance that you ended up cumming without anything touching you.❤ Was it such a sexy sight that you couldn't hold it in?
踊りのお代はあなたのエナジーで払ってもらうわね❤\nんふふ❤焦らしてあげた分濃い精気がこもってる❤\nおいしいわ❤,I'll take your energy as the payment for the show.❤ Ehehe.❤ All that teasing made your life force pack tightly in your semen.❤ It's delicious.❤
くすくす❤胸に挟まれてすぐに出しちゃったわ❤\nわたしのおっぱい、やわらかかったでしょ？\nあん、蕩けちゃってかわいい❤,Ehehe.❤ You blew your load right after I put your penis between my boobs.❤ They were amazingly soft; right? Ah~ The expression you make when your jaw goes slack is adorable!❤
くすくす❤お尻でこすられてすぐに出しちゃったわ❤\nわたしのお尻、むにってしてて気持ちよかったでしょ❤\n踊りで鍛えてるもの❤ふふふ❤,Ehehe.❤ You blew your load right after I rubbed your penis with my big butt.❤ It felt really soft and good; right? All the dancing has got it bulked up.❤ Ehehe.❤
ううっ・・・❤がまんできないっ・・・❤,Uuuh...❤ I can't take it anymore...❤
あらあら❤\nわたしのそばにやってきて、シコシコはじめちゃった❤,Oh my.❤ You came over to me and started touching yourself.❤
わたしの色気にあてられて、我慢できなくなっちゃった？\n一生懸命手を動かしちゃって、くす、かわいい♪,Could you not resist the charm of my body any more? You're stroking yourself so hard... Ahaha. That's adorable♪
あなたがすぐに天国にイけるように、ほら踊ってあげる❤\n上下にリズムよくステップを踏んで♪\n胸もお尻も、あん、なまめかしく揺らしてあげるわ♪,Let me help you with a dance so that you can reach an amazing orgasm right away.❤ I'll match my steps to the rhythm of your strokes.❤ Aah~❤ I won't forget the seductive shakes of my boobs and butt either♪
はううっ、すごい・・・❤❤えろいぃ・・・❤,Woah...❤ That's so sexy...❤
くすくす❤シゴくのとっても早い❤\n分かりやすく反応がもらえると、踊りにも熱が入るわね❤,Ehehe.❤ Your strokes are getting faster.❤ I'm glad that you like it so much.❤ I'll pick up the pace; too; and put more passion behind my dance.❤
サービスで、顔の前でおっぱいをぶるんぶるん左右に揺らしたり♪\nおちんちんの上で手をリズミカルにゆらゆらゆら動かしたり♪\nあん❤あとちょっとで当たっちゃいそう❤,I'll even give you extra service and shake my boobs right in front of your eyes♪ And flutter my hands right above your penis to the rhythm; too♪ Aah~❤ Look how close my fingers are to touching you.❤
ほらほら❤シコシコしながら腰を突きだしていいのよ❤\nそうすれば、わたしの手の平に先っぽをすりすりしてもらえるかも♪,Hey.❤ Why don't you thrust your hips while stroking?❤ Who knows; your tip might actually touch my hands if you do it.❤
ううあっ・・・❤❤あっ、ああっ・・・❤あとちょっとなのにっ❤,Uaah...❤ Ah... Aaah...❤ I'm so close to touching them...❤
ふふ❤言われたまま腰を振っちゃってかわいい❤\nでも残念❤おちんちんが当たる前に、\nひらひらって避けられちゃうわね❤,Ehehe.❤ You started thrusting your hips just as I suggested.❤ That's so adorable.❤ But it's too bad.❤ My hands keep fluttering away just as you're about to reach them.❤
腰を振ってるうちにどんどん射精感が高まってきて、\nあん、もう出ちゃう❤\nわたしに触れられないまま射精しちゃう❤,And as you're thrusting away; your need to cum keeps growing.❤ Ah.❤ Your penis looks like it's about to blow already.❤ It's about to cum; even when you haven't touched my hands yet.❤
ほら、とどめ❤\nあなたのおちんちんに向けて、息をふぅー❤,I'll finish it off now.❤ With my hot; sweet breath. Fuuuuuh.❤
あっ、ああっ❤だめ、そんなっ、耐えられないっ❤❤❤,Ah... Aaah.❤ No; if you do that... I'll...❤
あへぇ・・・❤❤,Aaaah...❤
あは❤あっけなく射精しちゃったわ❤\nわたしに触ってもらえなくて残念だったわね❤,Ahahaha.❤ That made you blow your load right away.❤ It's too bad that you didn't get to touch my hands.❤
でもサキュバスのあまぁい息を吹きかけられて、\nとっても気持ちよく射精できたでしょう？\nほら、その顔❤とっても幸せそう❤,But it felt amazing to cum by having a succubus blow her breath on your penis; right? You're making such a sloppy; happy face.❤
相手モンスターを回復させておいて、していい顔じゃないと思うけれど❤\nくすくす❤,But that's not a face you should be making in front of others; you know? Not to mention how you healed an opposing monster.❤ Ehehehe.❤
負けが決まったのに、マスターがしていい顔じゃないと思うけれど❤\nくすくす❤,Even though your loss was inevitable; that's not a face a cardmaster should be making in front of others.❤ Ehehe.❤
ううっ・・・❤だめなのにぃ・・・❤,Uuuh...❤ I shouldn't; but...❤
あらあら❤\nまた別の男がそばにやってきて、シコシコはじめちゃった❤,Oh my.❤ Here we have another man coming over to stroke off to me.❤
あなたもわたしの色気にあてられて、我慢できなくなっちゃった？\nさっきの子よりも一生懸命手を動かしちゃって、\nくす、かわいい♪,Could you not resist the charm of my body either? You're going at it even harder than the previous guy... Ehehe. That's adorable.❤
そんなに熱心にアピールされたら、わたしも答えてあげたくなっちゃうわ❤\nセクシーな踊りで、ちゃんと気持ちよくイかせてあげる❤,When you're doing it with such passion; it makes me want to do same in return.❤ Let me help you reach an amazing orgasm with my sexy dance.❤
上下にリズムよくステップを踏んで♪\n胸もお尻も、あん、なまめかしく揺らしてあげるわ♪,I'll match my steps to the rhythm of your strokes while seductively shaking my boobs and butt♪
くすくす❤目の前で踊られると、迫力もすごいわよね❤\n遠くから見てもエロいって感じるダンスなのに、\nほら、顔の前でおっぱいをむぎゅって寄せて…❤,Ehehe.❤ You're putting even more force behind your strokes now.❤ You already found my dance sexy from afar; so what if I brought my boobs right in front of your face like this; and...❤
ゆさゆさゆさ♪匂いまで感じちゃう距離で大迫力でしょ❤\nエロ過ぎて脳みそ沸騰しちゃいそうになるんじゃない？,Shook them around♪ Shakey-shakey♪ When I'm shaking them so close to your face that you can smell them; they leave a massive impact; right? Perhaps your brain is already about to fry up from the overwhelming sexiness?❤
あは、しごくのとってもはやぁい❤\n素直で分かりやすいわね。うふふ❤,Ahaha.❤ Now you're stroking off at lightning speed.❤ You're so easy to read.❤ Ehehe.❤
あなたにもわたしの手で気持ちよくなれるチャンスをあげる❤\n手をおちんちんの上でリズミカルにゆらゆらゆら動かして♪\nあん❤あとちょっとで当たっちゃいそう❤,I'll give you; too; a chance to feel good with my hands.❤ I'll flutter them up and down above right your penis; moving them to the rhythm.❤ Ah.❤ You were so close to touching them.❤
ううあっ・・・❤❤あっ、ああっ・・・❤だめ、とどかないっ❤ああっ❤,Uuuh...❤ Ah... Aaah...❤ No; I can't reach them...❤ Aaaah.❤
ふふ❤カクカクっていっぱい突いてる❤\nでも残念❤おちんちんが当たる前に、\nひらひらって避けられちゃうわね❤,Ehehe.❤ You're thrusting your hips so frantically.❤ But too bad.❤ My hands keep fluttering away just as you're about to touch them.❤
あなたのおちんちんがもうちょっと大きければ\n気持ちよぉくすりすりしてもらえたのに❤\nくす❤小さいおちんちんだと損ね❤,You could reach them if your penis was a little bit longer.❤ Ehehe.❤ You're missing out because you're on the small side.❤
あは❤あなたも息であっけなく射精しちゃった❤\nわたしに触ってもらえなくて残念だったわね❤,Ahaha.❤ You; too; instantly blew your load to my breath.❤ It's too bad that you didn't get to touch my body.❤
でもサキュバスのあまぁい息を吹きかけられて、\nとっても気持ちよく射精できたでしょう？\nほら、その顔❤さっきの人に負けず劣らず、とっても幸せそう❤,But it felt amazing to cum by having a succubus blow a sweet breath on your penis; right? You're making a face just as sloppy and happy as the last guy.❤
どっちにしても、\n相手モンスターを回復させておいて、していい顔じゃないと思うけれど❤\nくすくす❤,Though; that's not a face you should be making in front of others, you know?❤ Not to mention how you're healing an opposing monster.❤ Ehehe.❤
どっちにしても、\n負けが決まったのに、していい顔じゃないと思うけれど❤\nくすくす❤,Although your loss was inevitable; that's not a face you should be making in front of others.
やん、痛い痛い、暴力反対よ。\n攻撃なんてやめましょう？,Ow; that hurt. I'm against violence. Can we please stop fighting?
やめてくれるなら、そうね、この足で気持ちいいことしてあげる。\nわたしの誘惑になびかなかったんだもん。\nおっぱいよりこっちの方が興味あるんじゃない？,If you stop... Yes; how about I make you feel good with my feet? You didn't look interested when I tried seducing you with my boobs; so perhaps this is something you're more interested in?
わたし、足の動きには自信があるのよ。\nなんていったって、ダンサーですもの。\nステップを踏んでなまめかしく踊るのに、足先はとっても大事❤,I'm confident in the way I can use my feet. After all; I'm a dancer. They're the most important part of taking seductive steps and performing an alluring dance.❤
ほら、見なさい❤靴を脱いで、指先を見せてあげる❤\nくにくにって曲げて伸ばして…♪\nふふ、むらむらしてきちゃうでしょ？,Look.❤ Let me take off my shoes and show you my toes.❤ Watch how I move, curl, and stretch them... Ehehe. It's turning you on; isn't it?
さ、そこに座りなさい❤\nわたしの足さばきで天国にイかせてあげるわ❤,Now; please; sit down; and you'll get to taste the heaven of my foot techniques.❤
誘惑を振り払ってとどめを刺した,Resist the temptation and finish her off
言われるまま座り込んでしまった,Sit down
きゃっ、あぶない❤\nうふふ、まだ攻撃できるのはさすがだけれど、\n動きがとっても遅くなってるわ❤,Kyah! That was a close one.❤ Ehehe. You can still attack; but your movements have slowed down a lot.❤
わたしの踊りでムラムラしちゃって、\nおちんちんはフル勃起❤\nまともに動くのも難しいのよね❤,My dance has made you horny and your penis fully erect.❤ It's difficult to move with it getting in the way; right?
ほら、足をちょんって突き出して、\nおちんちんにタッチ❤\nうふふ❤ぞくぞくぞくって快感が走ってたまらないでしょ？,Look; I'll extend my foot and give your penis a touch.❤ Ehehe.❤ My toes feel so good that it makes you shiver in pleasure; right?
そのまま力を抜いちゃいなさい❤\n足で挟んでごしごし擦って、\n最高に気持ちよく射精させてあげる♪,Now; please sit down and relax.❤ I'll take your penis between my feet and jerk you off to an amazing orgasm.❤
それでも誘惑を振り払った,Resist the temptation
体から力が抜けてしまった,Sit down and relax
あうっ！そんな状態でサキュバスに誘惑されて抗えるなんて・・・。,Uah! I can't believe you managed to resist a succubus' temptation while horny...
あうっ！サキュバスに誘惑されて抗えるなんて・・・。,Uah! I can't believe you managed to resist a succubus' temptation...
ううっ・・・❤足指が・・・❤だめなのに・・・❤❤,Uuuh...❤ Your toes...❤ I shouldn't; but...❤❤
くすくす❤いい子ね。\n地面にぺたんって座って、\nおちんちんをわたしに差し出して♪,Ehehe.❤ Yes; good boy. Now; take out your penis♪
ほら、股を開いてわたしの足を受け入れなさい❤\nたくさんこすってあげる❤,And then open your legs to accept my feet.❤ I'll give you lots of rubbing.❤
はぐぅ、はぐぅう・・・❤きもちいいぃっ・・・❤,Uuugh...❤ Aaah...❤ It feels so good...❤
んふ❤とっても固い❤\n挟んでぎゅって押さえつけても、押し返してくる固さね❤,Ehehe❤ Your penis is hard❤ So hard that it's pushing back against my feet while I squeeze and touch it.❤
これだけ固いと、\nごしごし擦られたらたまらなく気持ちいいでしょ？\n左右交互に足を動かして、すりすりすり♪,Since it's this worked up; my feet feel unbelievably good on it; right? Let me try alternatively moving my left and right foot on it♪ There; there♪
あは、腰を跳ねさせて反応してる♪\nへこへこ、ひくひく♪\n喘ぎ声も漏れて、踊っているみたいね❤,Aha! Now your hips started moving; too♪ They're twitching and quivering about.❤ It's like you're trying to perform some sort of dance and moaning on top of that.❤
わたしの足さばきはどう？\nリズム感たっぷりに足を動かされて、\nおちんちん、痺れるぐらい気持ちいい？,How do you find my foot techniques? Does it feel so good when I'm moving my feet on your penis to the rhythm that it's making you feel numb?
さっきまでわたしを追い詰めてたのに、\n今では足に踏まれてあんあ.ん喘いでる❤\n男の子は結局気持ちいいのには勝てないのよね❤,You even managed to corner me a moment ago; but now you're just moaning under my feet~❤ Honestly; boys can't win against things that feel good.❤
ほらほらほら、足に負けちゃったマゾ男くん❤\n早く動かしてあげるから、もっともっと喘いじゃいなさい❤,Now; you masochist who fell for the charm of my feet; I'll start stroking even faster; so moan your heart out for me.❤
あひぃっ❤あっ、ああっ、やばいっ❤これぇっ❤❤,Ah❤ Ah... Aaah... I can't...❤ It's too much...❤
くす❤カッコ悪い❤\n気持ちよすぎてもう限界なんでしょ？\nさっさと、出しちゃえ❤,Ahaha.❤ You look so pitiful.❤ My feet are so amazing that you're already at your limit; right? Just go ahead and cum already.❤
先っぽを重点的に、ごしごしごし♪\nあはは、擦られて喘ぎ声止まらないね❤,I'll focus stroking your glans.❤ There; there♪ Ahahaha.❤ Your moans keep getting louder as I'm rubbing them.❤
イケ、イっちゃえ❤\nマーゾ❤\nくすくす❤,Do it already.❤ Cum; you masochist.❤ Ahahaha.❤
あぐ、あぐぅっ・・・・❤❤,Aah... Aaaagh...❤❤
あんっ、おっぱいまで飛んできちゃった❤\nいくら興奮したからって出し過ぎよ♪,Ah.❤ Your semen flew all the way to my boobs.❤ To shoot out so much of it... You got way too excited♪
でも、この濃いエナジーのおかげで体力も全回復❤\n足フェチのマゾくんには感謝しないとね❤\n踏まれてちょろーく負けてくれてありがと。ふふふ❤,But it's thanks to your thick semen that I've recovered my health.❤ I need to offer my gratitude for this.❤ Thanks for losing so easily by being trampled between my feet; you foot fetish masochist.❤ Eheheh.❤
くすくす❤オナニー負けちゃってカッコ悪い❤\n息で射精してアヘ顔になっちゃってるわ。ぷぷっ❤,Ahaha.❤ You kept stroking yourself so much that it made you lose the duel.❤ That's so lame.❤ And you're still making such an amazing cumface after blowing your load to my breath. Pfft.❤
くす❤足コキでたっぷり喘いじゃって、\nわたしの足の動かし方、すごかったでしょ？\nあとちょっとで勝てそうだったのにねー❤,Ehehe.❤ You moaned so hard to my footjob.❤ My foot techniques were amazing; right? But you know; you could have won if you had tried just a little harder.❤
あんっ、挟んであげたら簡単に射精しちゃった❤\n踊りで焦らされて、おちんちん限界だったのかしら？\nくすくす❤,Aaah.❤ You blew your load so quickly after I squeezed your penis between my boobs.❤ Had watching my dance already brought you to the edge? Ehehe.❤
あんっ、お尻にたくさんかかってる❤\nすりすりこすりつけられて我慢できなかった？\nふふふ♪,Aah.❤ My butt got covered in your semen.❤ Could you not endure it when I rubbed it on your penis? Ahahah.❤
くすくす❤踊りを見せられただけで、我慢できずに射精しちゃうんだ❤\nずいぶんよわーいおちんちんなのね。ふふ♪,Ahaha.❤ Just the sight of my sexy dance made you blow your load.❤ Your penis must be quite weak when that's all it took.❤ Ehehe♪
くすくす❤さわさわって手でいじられて、\nあっという間に射精しちゃったわね❤,Ehehe.❤ It didn't take any time at all for you to cum while I touched and toyed with your penis with my hands.❤
わたしの指の動かし方、気持ちよかったでしょ？\n言った通り、すぐ腰砕けになっちゃった❤,The way I used my fingers felt amazing; right? Like I said; your legs instantly gave away..❤
あん❤息を吹きかけられて射精しちゃうんだ❤\nマスターくんのおちんちんずいぶん弱いのね❤\nくすくす❤,Ah.❤ You couldn't help cumming to a breath on your penis.❤ Mr. Cardmaster; your penis is quite weak.❤ Ehehe.❤
{自分}に敗北した僕は、エナジーを失い、地面に膝をついていた。,I fell on my knees after losing to {自分}.
はぁい、わたしの勝ちね❤\nわたしの踊り、男の子にはやっぱり刺激が強すぎたみたい❤,Yay.❤ I win.❤ As expected; my sexy dance is way too stimulating for boys.❤
だってほら、いまも勃起しちゃってるもの❤\nくすくす❤まだまだ搾り取ってほしいの？\nずいぶん欲張りな男の子♪,I mean; just look at you.❤ You still have a full boner.❤ Ehehe.❤ Do you want get to drained some more? What a greedy boy.❤
ううっ・・・❤ちがう、ぼくはぁ・・・❤,Uuuh...❤ No; I...❤
ああん❤サキュバス相手にそんな顔しちゃダメよ❤\n負けちゃいけないって思ってるけど、欲望を隠しきれない顔…♪\nとってもいじめたくなっちゃう❤,Ah.❤ You shouldn't make that kind of face before a succubus.❤ You're unable to hide your lust; despite knowing you shouldn't give in...❤ That gets us really worked up.❤
ねえ、マスター。わたしこの子搾り取っていいわよね❤,Hey; Master. I can keep draining him; right?❤
えっと、それは・・・。,Um; that's...
（嬲るにしても、わたしのイメージもありますし・・・。\n表向きはおとなしい優等生ってことにしてるんですよね・・・。）,（I wouldn't mind making fun of him; but I need to keep my quiet and well-behaved honor student image in public.）
（ＶＩＰのお偉いさんがいる前で\nあんまりそういうことはしたくないかなぁ・・・。）,（Many VIPs are in the audience; so I better hold back for now.)
いまはとりあえず控えましょう。あとで・・・。,We'll withdraw for now. We can do that later.
ん？何か言ったかしら？,Hmm? Did you say something?
はううぅっ・・・❤,Auuuh...❤
あ、あはは、そうですよね❤\n男の子は搾り取っていじめてあげないとダメですよね❤\nきゃはは❤,A-Ahaha! Yes; you're right! Boys are meant to be drained and toyed with.❤ Kyahaha.❤
ほら、{自分}！\nその男の子を徹底的にいじめちゃってください❤\n手加減はいりません。泣いても許しちゃダメです❤,Now; {自分}! Make that boy into your toy.❤ Don't hold back. I don't care; even if he starts crying.❤
くす♪というわけで許しも出たし、\nアナタのこと、干からびるまで搾らせてもらうわ❤,Ehehe♪ You heard that; right? My master gave me permission; so I'm draining you dry.❤
（いま、なにを・・・。自分のマスターになにか・・・。）,（Eh... Did she just do something to her own master?）
ふふ、余計なことは考えなくていいのよ❤\nほら♪,Ehehe. There's no need for you to think about anything unnecessary.❤ Let's get started♪
あなたのおちんちん、わたしの足で捕まえて・・・❤,I'll wrap your penis between my feet...❤
たっぷりいじめてあげる❤\nうふふふ♪,And keep toying with it until it goes soft.❤ Ehehehe♪
あっ、ああっ❤❤,Ah...❤ Aaah...❤
（だめだ、足が激しくなでてきてっ❤❤\nううっ❤❤なにもかんがえられないっ❤）,（No; her feet feel too good.❤ Uuuh...❤ My mind is blanking out...❤）
そうそう、いい顔になってきたわ❤\n男の子はそうでなくちゃ❤,Now that's a good face.❤ That's exactly how boys should look.❤
一回イかされたぐらいじゃ満足できないわよね❤\nサキュバスを目の前にしてるんですもの、\n何回でも搾り取られたくなっちゃうのが男の浅ましい本性❤,A single orgasm isn't enough to satisfy you; right? There's a succubus in front of you; after all. It's in your pitiful nature as a man to desire to be drained multiple times.❤
ちょっと難しいことを考えたとしても、\nこうしておちんちんをすりすりすり♪ってなでてあげれば\n頭空っぽのおバカになっちゃう❤,Even if you try to fight it; I only need to touch and stroke your penis like this; and you turn into a mindless idiot.❤
ああ、やっぱり人間っていいわね❤\nくすくす❤干からびるまで食べたくなっちゃう❤,Aaah~❤ Humans are just the best.❤ Ehehehe.❤ I'm starting to want to devour you all the way.❤
ほらほら、先っぽの出っ張ったところに\n親指の付け根のぷにってしたところをこすりつけて・・・❤,Look. I'll rub your glans with the soft balls of my feet...❤
ごしごしって刺激してあげれば・・・♪,And when I pick up the pace like this...♪
あっ、あっ、だめっ❤❤そこはっ❤❤はひぃっ❤❤,Ah... Ah... No.❤ That's...❤ Aaaah...❤
くす♪我慢できないでしょう？\n気持ちいいのに引っ張られるみたいに、\nおちんちん必死に突き出しちゃって…♪もうびゅーって出しちゃうのね❤,Ahaha♪ It's already proving too much; right? Your hips are thrusting; as if drawn out by the pleasure of my strokes...♪ You're already about to cum; right?
いいわよ❤わたしの足の動きにされるがまま、\nおちんちんからエナジー出しちゃいなさい❤\nほらほらほら❤,That's okay.❤ Go ahead and spill your energy to my footjob.❤ C'mon.❤ Do it.❤
ううっ、あぐうぅっ・・・❤❤,Uuuh...❤ Aaaaaagh...❤
はひぃっ…❤きもちよくて、腰がぬける…❤あへぇ…❤,Haah...❤ It feels so good my legs are...❤ Aaah...❤
んふふ❤\n男の子ってほんとに簡単な生き物よね❤,Ehehe.❤ Honestly; you boys are such simple creatures.❤
ほら、見て❤あなたが出したどろどろの精液❤\nサキュバスに射精しちゃうなんて\nカードマスターならぜったいダメなのに…。,Look at all this semen you spilled on me.❤ Even when a cardmaster should never ejaculate to a succubus...❤
おちんちんの気持ちよさに負けて、\nこんなにたくさん出しちゃった❤\nわたしのおっぱいが真っ白だわ。うふふ♪,You gave in to the pleasure and blew such a massive load.❤ You covered my boobs in your white juices.❤ Ahahaha♪
{主人公}ー！\nなにやってんの！がんばれー！,{主人公}! What are you doing! Fight! Don't give in!
あら、あなたのファンかしら。\n熱心に応援してる人が何人かいるわね❤,Oh? Is that girl your fan? There seems to be quite a few others who are cheering for you too.❤
ううっ、そうだ…。僕は頑張らないと…。,Uuh... Yes; as master said; I can't give in...
くすくす❤足をぷるぷるさせて、生まれたての小鹿みたい。\nそんなになってまで立ち上がるんだ❤,Ahaha.❤ You're like a newborn fawn with those shaking legs; and yet, you're still trying to get up.❤
でも、おちんちんが弱いあなたが、\n何回立ったたところで何の意味もないわよ❤\nほおら❤,But it doesn't matter how hard you try when you've got such a weak penis.❤ Take this.❤
今度は、あなたのせいでドロドロになったおっぱいで、\nきもちよーくまた射精させてあげる❤,This time; I'll blow your mind with my boobs.❤ With the same boobs that you showered with your semen.❤
応援席からも見えるぐらい、\nどぴゅうーって勢いのいい射精❤\nしちゃいましょうね。くす♪,I'll make you cum so hard that even the audience can see your semen flying out.❤ Ehehe♪
あう、あうううっ…❤きもちいいぃ❤❤,Ah... Aaah...❤ They feel so good...❤
師匠が、見に来てくれたのにっ❤❤ああっ❤やわらかくて、あひぃっ❤❤,My master is watching...❤ But they feel too soft...❤ Aaaah...❤
・・・・❤\nふふ、だいぶ吸い取っちゃった。,...❤ Ehehe.❤ I got quite a lot of energy out of you.❤
でも、人間のマスターに使われてる状態だと\n一番おいしいところが吸い取れないのよね。\nやっぱり吸い殺すまで楽しみたいわ…❤,But; regrettably; I can't drain the most delicious part while under the control of a human cardmaster. I would have liked to drain you to death...❤
（はやく計画が実現して、\nこの子たち、みーんな吸い取りたいなぁ❤\nくすくす❤）,（I hope the plan will proceed fast so I can start draining people all the way.❤ Ehehehe.❤）
体がぴくりとも動かなくなるまで射精させられ、僕は気絶してしまった。師匠や受付さんが見ている前で僕は醜態をさらしてしまったのだった。,After the {自分プレイヤー} made me ejaculate so many times that my body wouldn't even twitch; I fainted. I deeply regretted showing such a shameful sight to my master and the receptionist.
試合から数日後,A few days later.
あ、この間のルーキーさん。\n探しましたよ？,Ah; you're the rookie from before. I've been looking for you.
・・・・？,...?
いいからこっちに来てください。ほら・・・。,Come with me.
そう言って{自分プレイヤー}は僕の手をぐいぐい引っ張ってくる。わけもわからないまま手を引かれていくと路地裏にはあのサキュバスがいて。,After the {自分プレイヤー} said those words; she took my hand and pulled me to the corner of the street. As I followed her; confused; I found myself alone with her in an alley.
くす❤会いたかったわ、おいしい精液のマスターくん❤,Ehehe.❤ I wanted to see you; the cardmaster with delicious semen; again.❤
ちょっとお腹が空いたから、\nわたしのマスターにあなたを探させていたの。,I've been feeling a bit hungry; so I had my master look for you.
な、ふざけるな、僕は試合に行く途中で・・・。,I-I don't have time to play around with you. My match is about to start...
あらそう❤\n残念だわ。この足でまた抜いてあげようと思ったのに。,Oh; you've already got plans?❤ How regrettable. Here I was thinking of offering to stroke you off with my feet again.❤
ほら、ズボンの上につぅーっ♪\n足先でちょっとだけ撫でてあげる❤,Let me give you a little taste of it♪ I'll gently stroke your penis through your pants with my toes.❤
あひぃっ、だめ、ああっ・・・❤,Ah... No... Aaaah...❤
くすくす❤どうする？\nもう腰砕けになっちゃったみたいだけど、\nそれでも試合に行く？,Ehehe.❤ Wouldn't you rather stay here with me? Your legs are already about to give out. You would only embarrass yourself if you attended your match in this state.❤
ふふ、そういい子ね。\nそこに座って、わたしにおちんちんを差し出しなさい。\nほら、足で挟んで搾りとってあげる❤,Ehehe. Yes; you're such a good boy. Now; sit down and take out your penis... And I'll drain you with my feet.❤
あっ、あっ、ああっ・・・❤❤,Ah... Ah... Aaah...❤❤
