default
闘技場のスリ,Colosseum Thief
NPC20_paizuriAnime,
NPC20_paizuriAnime2,
わぁー、あなたカードマスターですよね！\nそれもDランク！わたしあなたのファンなんです！,Wow; you're that cardmaster; aren't you!? The new D-rank!? I'm such a big fan of yours!
・・・・？,....?
まだ一度も闘技場で戦っていないのに僕のファン？そんなことあるのだろうか。,Even though I've never fought in the colosseum; I already have a fan? Is that even possible?
あーん、近くで直接見るとかっこいい～❤\nいつも試合見てます～❤\nねえ、サインもらってもいいですかぁ❤,Ahh; you're even cooler in person~❤ I always watch your matches~❤ Hey; can I get your autograph?❤
そう言って女の子は、僕に近寄りぎゅっと僕の腕を抱きしめてきた。,As she said that; the girl came closer and hugged my arm tightly.
（わわっ・・・❤おっぱいが当たって・・・❤）,(Wow...❤ I can feel her breasts pressing against me...❤)
この状況に僕は・・・。,In this situation; I...
冷静になって彼女の様子を観察した,Calmed down and observed the situation.
鼻の下をのばしてしまった,Couldn't help but get flustered.
・・・・。,....
僕は腕に押し当てられるおっぱいの感触から意識をそらし、彼女の動きをよく観察してみた。,I turned my attention away from the sensation of her breasts pressing against my arm and watched her movements carefully.
よく見ると、彼女の腕がなにやらもぞもぞ動いている。ばれないように、ゆっくりと僕の後ろに手を回しているようだ。,Looking closer; I could see her arm moving around carefully. It seemed as if she was trying to reach behind me without being noticed.
ね、サイン書いてほしいな～❤\nこの紙に書いてくださ～い❤,Hey; I really want your autograph~❤ Could you sign this paper for me? Pretty please~❤
そう言って僕に大きな紙を手渡し、視線を前に誘導しようとする。しかし、彼女の動きにしっかり意識を向けていた僕は、彼女の手がズボンの財布に伸びたのに気が付いたのだった。,Saying that; she handed me a large piece of paper; trying to guide my gaze forward. However; since I was already aware of her movements; I noticed her hand reaching for the wallet I had in my pocket.
わわ、え、あいたたた！\nちょっと手をつかまないでくださいよっ。,Whoa; hey; ouch; my hand! Don't grab me like that!
え？財布？\n盗ろうとしただろって？\nあははは・・・・。なんのことですか？わたし知らないな～・・・。,Huh? Your wallet? You think I was trying to steal your wallet? Ahahaha... What are you even talking about? I don't know what you...
衛兵につきだす？\nうえぇー、まじ？,Turn me over to the guards? No way; seriously?
くっそー、チョロそうな童貞男だと思ったのに・・・。\nん・・・？,Damn it; I thought he'd be just some easy virgin... Hmm...?
(こいつちょっと勃起してんじゃん。\nわたしのおっぱいで興奮したのかな？\nこれなら・・・❤),(Looks like this guy's getting a little hard down there. Did my tits get him excited? If that's the case...❤)
・・・・・ねえ。\nアンタのこと気持ちよくしてあげるからさ、\n見逃してくんない？,... Hey. If I promise to make you feel good; would you maybe let it slide this time?
わたしもさー、たまたま気が迷ったていうか、\nお金盗る前だったわけだしさ、\nまだ悪いことしてないじゃん？,I mean; I just got a little carried away is all; and you caught me before I actually took anything; so I haven't really done anything bad yet; right?
だからさ、パイズリ一回でチャラってことでさ❤\nほらぁ、さっき腕に当ててあげたわたしのおっぱい❤\n超柔らかかったでしょ？,So; how about I give you a titfuck and we call it even? Just this once?❤ Don't you remember how nice my tits felt against your arm earlier?❤ They were super soft; right?
ここで気持ちよくしたげるからさ～❤\n見逃してよ❤\n外の路地裏で、パイズリぬきぬき、気持ちよくしたげるよ？ね❤,I'll make you feel really good... down here~❤ So just forget about this whole mess; okay?❤ Let's just go find an alley outside and I'll give you a nice titfuck; okay?❤
・・・・・っ❤,...❤
女はそう言いながら、僕に体を密着させるとお尻でペニスを圧迫し、軽く上下にこすりつけてきた。,While saying that; the woman pressed her body against me; pressing her rear against my groin and lightly rubbing it up and down.
片腕をつかんで拘束しているから彼女と距離を取るわけにもいかない。なまめかしいその動きは男のツボを心得ていて、思わず腰が引けてしまうほど気持ちがいい。,Since I was holding one of her arms to keep her restrained; I wasn't able to put distance between the two of us. Her sultry movements knew exactly how to hit a man's weak spot. It felt so good I couldn't help but pull my waist back.
そのうえこれ見よがしに体をよじって、おっぱいを揺らして誘惑までしてくる。僕はたまらずあとずさりをしてしまう。,On top of that; she deliberately twisted her body; swaying her breasts to tempt me more. I couldn't help but take a step back.
あは❤だいぶガチガチになってるじゃん❤\n素直になりなって❤うりうり～❤,Aha~❤ You're getting pretty stiff now; aren't you?❤ Go on; be honest with yourself~❤ You know it feels nice when I rub you like this~❤
そのまま壁際まで追い詰められてしまう。この状況に僕は・・・。,Teasing me like this; the woman managed to back me against a wall. In this situation; I...
快感を我慢して彼女を衛兵に突き出した,Endured the pleasure and pushed her to the guards.
彼女を見逃す約束をしてしまった,'Well... She hadn't really done anything yet...'
あいたたた！ちょっと腕をひねんないでよ！\nわかったわかったって。わたしが悪かったよ。,Ouch! Don't twist my arm like that! I get it; I get it. I'm sorry!
うう・・・。そんなにズボン膨らませてるくせに・・・。,Ugh... I can't believe you can say no to me with that bulge in your pants...
僕は彼女を衛兵のところまで連れて行った。彼女は言い訳をしようとしたが、すでに何件か彼女のような容姿の人にスリをされたという被害が上がっており、彼女はその犯人として逮捕されたのだった。,I took her to the guards. She tried to make excuses; but there had already been several reports of someone with her appearance pickpocketing in the area; and she was arrested as the culprit on the spot.
犯罪者を逮捕した報奨金を得た,I received a reward for apprehending the criminal.
（うう・・・❤僕は何を口走っているのだろう。\nでも、こんなに密着されたら、ああっ、またスリスリされて❤\nはひぃ・・・❤）,(Ugh...❤ What am I saying? But she's so close to me and; ahh; she's rubbing against me again.❤ Haaah...❤)
（くすくす❤体押し付けられただけでチョロすぎでしょ❤\nやっぱ狙うなら童貞が一番簡単❤）,(*Giggle*❤ All I have to do is press my body against him and he'll do anything I ask~❤ If you're going to target someone; a virgin like him is always the easiest kind of mark to handle~❤)
あは、それじゃ決まりね❤\nほら、外に行こ。そこの路地裏でさぁ\nたっぷりエロいことしてあげる❤,Aha; then it's settled; right?❤ Come on; let's go outside. I know the perfect alley nearby for us to do lots of naughty things~❤
そこに腰かけてよ。そうそう。\nそれじゃ、ズボンを脱がせてっと❤,Just sit down right there. That's it. Now; I'll just take off your pants...❤
はい、パイズリはじめ～❤\nめんどいし、さっさと終わらせてあげる❤,Okay; let's get your titfuck started~❤ This is all kind of a hassle; so I'll make sure to finish you off quick~❤
うあっ❤みっちり包み込んできて・・・❤\nはひぃっ❤,Ooh...❤ Your tits are squeezing my dick so tightly...❤ Haah...❤
挟んだだけなのに、とろけた顔しちゃってさ❤\nそんなにおっぱい好きならさぁ、\n自分で腰を振ってもいいよ？,All I've done so far is squeeze them; and your expression is already starting to melt~❤ If you love my tits that much; why don’t you try thrusting your hips? I bet it’ll feel even better.
悪ーい泥棒女を捕まえたんだから、\nパンパンパンって激しく腰振って懲らしめセックスしちゃうの❤\nあは、腰振るの想像してチンポ膨らんでるじゃん❤,You caught a big bad thief; so you need to punish her with some nice; rough thrusts~❤ Aha; just thinking about thrusting between my tits makes your cock hard; doesn't it?❤
いまさら我慢なんてしなてくいいんだよ❤\nほら、ほら、腰振っちゃえ❤,No need to hold back.❤ Come on; go ahead; move those hips of yours~❤
彼女は膝上パイズリの体勢になっている僕の体を、脚を動かして下から揺さぶってみせた。腰が跳ねるように動かされ、おっぱいの中をずりずりと突き進んでしまう。,With her breasts over my lap; she begain to use her legs to move my body from below; causing my hips to bounce; and my dick to slide deeper into her soft breasts.
その動作は腰がとけてしまいそうになるほどの気持ちよさで・・・。僕はとうとう我慢できず、自分から腰を振り始めてしまった。,The sensation was so pleasurable that it felt like my hips would melt away... Eventually; I couldn't hold back anymore and began thrusting my hips on my own.
あは、上手上手❤\nえっちな音させながら、パン❤パン❤パン❤\nアヘ顔で腰振りできてすごいでちゅねー❤,Aha; that's it; good boy~❤ You're making such lewd noises while pounding away at my chest.❤ Thrusting your hips with your face is twisted in pleasure like that feels amazing; doesn't it?❤
にしたって、パイズリするだけで犯罪見逃してもらえるんだもん❤\n超楽勝❤\n男って結局チンポでもの考えてるよね❤,Still; I can't believe you're just letting me off for a titfuck...❤ You're so easy~❤ In the end; men really do just think with their dicks; don't they?❤
あは、ごめんごめん❤\n見逃してもらったくせにえらそうだよねー。\nあーん、ゆるしてぇ❤気持ちよくしてあげるからぁ～❤,Ah; sorry; sorry.❤ You're letting me go and I'm acting all high and mighty; aren't I? Ahn; please forgive me.❤ Here; I'll make you feel even better~❤
あっ❤あっ❤はうぅっ、ああっ❤,Ah...❤ Ah!❤ Hahh; ahh!❤
うりゃうりゃ、さっさと出してよ❤\nおっぱいにチンポ飲み込まれた男なんて喘ぐことしかできないんだからさぁ❤,Come on! That's it! Hurry up and let it all out~❤ When a man's cock is swallowed by my tits; he's helpless to do anything but moan and cum~❤
そうそう射精のために思いっきり腰を突きだして、\nイケ❤ザコのDランクマスター❤,That's it; thrust your hips and cum hard for me. Hurry up; you D-rank loser of a master~❤
あは、どろっどろじゃん❤\n濃いのたまってんだねー❤,Aha; you made my tits all gooey~❤ You had a lot built up; didn't you?
んじゃ、わたしはこれで❤\nあ、別にそこでしばらくアヘってていいよー。\nわたし勝手に行くから。ばいば～い❤,Well then; I'll just be taking this.❤ Oh; don't get up on my account. You can just sit there and moan in your mess for a while if you want. I'll see myself out. Bye-bye~❤
はうぅ・・・・❤,Haaah...❤
うう、スリなんかを働く悪い女の子に、されれるがまま気持ちよくされてしまった。はひぃ、腰が抜けて立てない・・・。,Ugh; I was completely at the mercy of some no-good thieving girl; more than happy to let her do whatever she wanted to me. Haah; my legs have completly given out. I can't even stand...
（うぅぅ、まだ気持ちよさが残って・・・・❤\nん、あれ・・・・？）,(Uhh; my waist still feels so good...❤ Hmm; what the...?)
ふと気が付くと、脱いだズボンのポケットからいつの間にか財布がなくなっていた。そのうえ何枚かカードも盗まれてしまったようだ。,Suddenly; I noticed that my wallet had disappeared from the pocket of the pants the girl had taken off. On top of that; it seemed that some of my cards had been stolen; too.
わ、わかりました。その、書くものを・・・・。,Uh; y-yeah; okay. Um; do you have something for me to write with...?
やったー❤うれしい❤\nはい、これがペンと紙です❤大きく書いてくれるとうれしいな～❤,Yay!❤ I'm so happy!❤ Here; I have a pen and paper right here.❤ I'd really appreciate it if you wrote nice and big~❤
わぁ、字、きれ～い❤すごーい❤\nさすがです～❤かっこいい～❤,Wow; your handwriting is so pretty.❤ Amazing!❤ Just what I'd expect from you~❤ So cool~❤
僕は渡された大きな紙を広げて、字を書くのに集中する。ただでさえ女の子に密着されてドキドキするのに、サインを書くなんて慣れない行為をしないといけなくて、あたふたしてしまう。,I laid out the large piece of paper the girl handed to me and focused on writing. I was already pretty nervous with how close she'd gotten to me; and now I had to sign my autograph; which; since it was something I wasn't used to doing; made me even more flustered.
そのうえ横でひっきりなしに褒めるような言葉を彼女がささやいてくる。きっとお世辞だろうと思いつつも、余計にドキドキしてしまう。,On top of that; she kept whispering words of praise next to me. Even if it was just flattery; it made my heart race faster.
(くす❤耳まで真っ赤にしちゃって、ちょっろ❤\n腕のおっぱいと、目の前のサインでいっぱいいっぱいだよね❤\nそれじゃこの隙に・・・♪),(*Giggle*❤ His ears are getting all red. So easy~❤ Trying to sign an autograph with my tits on his arm has him totally overwhelmed; huh?❤ Well then; while he's distracted...♪)
(はーい、ズボンのポケットのお財布ゲット❤\nぷぷぷっ、Dランクマスターのサインなんかほしいかっての。ばーか❤),(Alright; got the wallet out of his pocket.❤ Fufufuu; who would ever want some D-rank master's autograph? Idiot~❤)
あ、えと、サインできました。\nこれを・・・。,Ah; um; I managed to sign it. Here you go...
あはぁん❤ありがとうございます～❤\n一生の宝物にしますね～❤\n(ま、すぐ捨てるけど❤),Aha; thank you so much~❤ I'll treasure it for the rest of my life~❤ (Yeah right. I'll throw it away in a sec.❤)
それじゃあ試合頑張ってくださいね～❤,Well then; good luck with your match~❤
女の子はにこにこと手を振って僕を送り出した。,The girl waved goodbye to me with a smile.
(えへへ・・・❤いきなりかわいい子がファンになってくれるなんて、\n頑張ってDランクにまでなったからかな・・・。),(Ehehe...❤ I can't believe I already have a fan. And one that cute; too. Maybe it's because I worked so hard and made it to D-rank...)
うれしくて思わずにやけていると、しばらくしてズボンが軽くなっていることに気が付いた。いつの間にか財布が盗まれている！,I was so happy that I couldn't help but grin. After a while; though; I noticed my pants felt lighter. My wallet had been stolen without me noticing!
もしかしてさっきの女の子に盗られたのだろうか？急いで周囲を見渡すが、時すでに遅くあの女の子の姿はどこにも見当たらなかった。,Did the girl from earlier steal it? I looked around in a panic; but it was already too late. There was no sign of her anywhere.
ん・・・。なんですか？\nわたし、別にもうあなたに興味ないんですけど。,Huh? What do you want? I'm not really interested in you anymore; you know.
あ、もしかして、さっき抱き着いてあげたときのおっぱいの感触、\n思い出してムラムラしちゃったんですか？\nうわー、スケベ❤,Oh; could it be that you remembered how my tits felt when I hugged you earlier and you got all excited? Wow; what a pervert~❤
なっ、ち、ちが・・・・。ううっ・・・❤,N-no; that's not... Ugh...❤
（勘が鋭くてめんどくさそうと思ったけど、\nこの反応、童貞？くす、ならチョロそう❤）,(I thought he'd be perceptive and annoying; but from his reaction... Is he a virgin? *Giggle* In that case; this should be easy~❤)
ねえ、マスターさん。いやマスターくんでいっか。\nアンタがしてほしいなら、もう一回腕をからめてあげるよ？,Hey; Mister Master. Actually; I'll just call you Mister. If you want me to; I can wrap my arms around you again.
このおっぱい、肘にむにゅって当てられて、気持ちよかったっしょ？\n,My breasts felt so good pressed against your arm; didn't they?
