default
闘技場ファンの男,Male Colosseum Fan
観客の女,Woman from the Audience
エルル,Eruru
❤派手な女の子,❤Flashy Girl
盛り上がっている男,Excited Man
物知りな女性,Knowledgeable Woman
観客の男,Man from the Audience
ファンになった女性,Woman who Became a Fan
酒くさい男,Man who Smells of Alcohol
満足そうな観客,Satisfied Audience Member
ふらふらのカードマスター,Dizzy Cardmaster
ファンの男【!】,Fanboy【!】
ファンの男,Fanboy
あこがれている少年,Fan Boy
事情通の男,Knowledgeable Man
下位のカードマスター,Lower-Tier Cardmaster
ヤツメ選手のファン,Yatsume Fan
気落ちしてる男,Downcast Man
もふもふ好きの女,Woman who Loves Fluffy Things
ファンの男性,Male Fan
きょろきょろしてる女の子,Restless-Looking Girl
特等席を買った女,Woman from the Front Row
うわさ好きの女性,Gossip-Loving Woman
大ファンの少年,Major Fanboy
ムサシの弟子の女の子,Musashi's Disciple
不安げな女の子,Anxious-Looking Girl
うれしそうにしている少年,Happy-Looking Boy
老人会のおばあさん【!】,Old Lady from the Senior Citizens' Club【!】
老人会のおばあさん,Old Lady from the Senior Citizens' Club
観客の女性,Woman from the Audience
❤上機嫌な女の子,❤Cheerful Girl
低ランクのカードマスター(女),Low-Tier Female Cardmaster
目ざとい男,Sharp-Eyed Man
闘技場ファンのおじいさん,Old Colosseum Fan
❤ジェミニ,❤Gemini
本を持っている女の子,Girl Holding a Book
悩んでいる女性,Troubled Woman
恐れているおじいさん,Fearful Old Man
わくわくしてる少年,Excited Boy
調子の悪い女性,Sick-Feeling Woman
非番の兵士,Off-Duty Soldier
グッズ売りの老婆【!】,Old Woman Selling Merchandise【!】
グッズ売りの老婆,Old Woman Selling Merchandise
学生の男,Male Student
闘技場,Colosseum
Place/Colosseum,
対戦,Fight
情報収集,Investigate
デッキ編集,Deck Edit
特殊オプション,Special Options
ロード,Load
セーブ,Save
街に戻る,To Town
今は先にギルドに行って昇格の手続きを終わらせよう（クエストメニューから昇格手続きが行えます）。,I should go to the guild and complete the promotion procedure first (you can do the promotion procedure from the quest menu).
今は先にクエストを終わらせよう。,I should finish my quest first.
ギルドで説明を受けた闘技場に、僕は足を運んでいた。,I made my way to the colosseum I had heard about at the guild.
街中とはまるで違う雰囲気を肌で感じる。周りに見えるカードマスター達の闘志だろうか。,Perhaps it was the fighting spirit of the cardmasters around me; but the atmosphere felt completely different from the city. 
ここでのカードバトルは更に厳しいものになるだろう。この空気に飲まれないよう、僕は心を奮い立たせた。,The card battles here will no doubt be more intense than the ones I've faced so far. I steeled my resolve; determined to not be overwhelmed by the atmosphere.
初めまして。闘技場への参加をご希望でしょうか？,Nice to meet you. Would you like to participate in the colosseum?
分かりました。それではギルドリングをお見せください。,Understood. Now then; please show me your guild ring.
・・・。,...
ありがとうございます。貴方がDランクであることを確認しました。闘技場への参加を承認します。,Thank you so much. After confirming your rank; I'm happy to say your application for the colosseum has been approved.
再度話しかけていただければ、本日からでも対戦を組むことができますので、準備ができたらお声がけくださって構いませんよ。,Feel free to speak to me again when you're ready and I'll happily arrange a match for you today.
おや、あんた新人選手かい？\nそのリングの色、Dランクだね。,Oh hey; you're a rookie; aren't you? That ring color means you're a D-rank; right?
闘技場では普段からカードマスターたちが試合をして\nその腕を競っているんだ。\n祭りの間はとくに試合が盛りだくさんさ。,In the colosseum; cardmasters usually compete in matches to showcase their skills. During the festival; matches here are especially common.
国中から集まってきたカードマスターたちの火花散らす戦い…。\nいやぁ、たまらないね。,Cardmasters from all over the country gather to battle it out... Ah; the excitment of it all. I can hardly contain myself!
でもよ、最近は女マスターばっかり勝っててつまらねえ。\nもっと剣と剣がぶつかるような戦いを、前みたいに見たいもんだ。\n男としてあんたには期待してるぜ！,But you know; lately it's only been female masters winning; and it's actually starting to get pretty boring. I want to see battles where swords clash like they used to. So as one of the few guys still fighting; I'm counting on you!
闘技場って、中にいるだけで何だかワクワクしてくるよな。,The colosseum... Just being here's kinda thrilling; don't you think?
祭りの間はそこかしこでカードマスターたちが戦っているけど、\n闘技場はやっぱ真剣勝負の場って感じで雰囲気が違うぜ。\nああ、俺もカードマスターだったら参加してみてぇなぁ。,During the festival; cardmasters are battling all over the city; but the colosseum really feels like the place for more serious matches. The atmosphere just feels so different. Ah; if I were a cardmaster; I'd want to participate; too.
男のカードマスターはあんまり勝率がよくないんだよねぇ。,Male cardmasters don't have a very good win-rate; you know.
昔はそうでもなかったんだけど、サキュバスが出現してからは男の強いカードマスターがたくさん魔族領でやられちまって、それで女マスターと実力差がついちまった。,It wasn't always like that; but ever since the succubi appeared; many strong male cardmasters have been defeated in the demon realm; and now the skill gap with the female masters has just gotten wider.
そのうえ最近はサキュバス系のカードを使うマスターも増えて、男はすぐこてんぱんに負けちまう。,What's worse; recently there have been more masters using succubus-type cards; and men just lose to them way too quickly.
祭りが始まる前まではサキュバスのカードなんて見たことがなかったんだけどなぁ。時代は変わったもんだ。,Before the festival started; I'd never even seen a succubus card. Times have really changed.
この祭りが始まる少し前からかしら、\n闘技場での戦いがだいぶ様変わりしたのよね。,I guess it was just before this festival started that the battles in the colosseum changed quite a bit; wasn't it?
前からエッチな攻撃をするカードマスターはいたのだけれど、\n急にサキュバスのモンスターを使うマスターが増えたというか…。,There were always cardmasters who used lewd attacks; but suddenly more and more masters started using succubus monsters...
悪魔タイプ自体かなり珍しかったと思うし、\nなんでこんなにサキュバスモンスターが増えたのかしら。\n新しい遺跡で珍しいパックでも出たとか？,I think demon-types themselves were pretty rare before; so why have there been so many succubus monsters recently? Did they find a rare pack in those new ruins or something?
ねえ、ねえ、男のひとって、\nなんであんなに簡単に女のモンスターに負けちゃうの？,Hey; hey; why do guys lose so easily to female monsters?
観客席からだと、遠くて何やってるかよくわからないの。\nモンスターもマスターも魔力のバリアがあって、\n剣で斬っても簡単にはやられないはずなのに・・・。,The audience's seats are too far away to see exactly what's happening. Both the monster and the master have magical barriers; so they shouldn't be beaten easily; even if they get slashed or stabbed...
女の子モンスターに抱き着かれたら、\nすぐビクビクってふるえてそのままやられちゃうんだよ。\nへんなのー。,But if a girl monster hugs him; the guy starts trembling and gets taken down; just like that. It's really weird.
おお、おお、あんたは例のルーキーじゃないか。\nオクタ選手との試合見たよ！\n女マスターに勝つなんてすごいじゃないか。,Oh; oh; you're that rookie; aren't you? I saw your match against Octa! Winning against a female master like that is pretty impressive; don't you think?
そのうえクエストでサキュバスも倒したんだろ？\nいやぁ、ほんと期待の新人だな！\nアンタの試合、次も見に行くぜ！がんばってくれよ！,Not only that; you also defeated a succubus on that quest; didn't you? Wow; you're really an up-and-coming rookie! I'll definitely be watching your next match; too! Keep it up!
闘技場では、勝ったマスターが負けたマスターを\n自由にもてあそぶ権利があるわ。\n表向きは魔力補給のためってことになってるけれど・・・。,In the colosseum; the winning cardmaster has the right to toy with the loser in whatever way they like. Officially; it's for the purpose of replenishing magical power; but...
いまよりずっと昔、闘技場が罪人の戦いを見る場所だったころ、\nそのころは罪人をなぶるのを見世物にして、\n勝者は敗者を好きにできる決まりになっていたそうなの。,Long ago; the colosseum was a place to watch criminals fight one another. It's said it was a spectacle to torment the criminals; and the victor had the right to do as they pleased with the vanquished.
野蛮な風習がなくなった今でも、\nそのころの名残で闘技場の勝者が敗者を好きにできる習慣が\n残っているのだそうよ。,Even though the more barbaric customs have disappeared; it seems that remnants of that time still linger; allowing the winners of the colosseum to do as they please with the losers.
ちなみに男のマスター同士の場合、魔力補給の名分がないから\n勝っても何かしたりできないの。\nそこは野蛮じゃなくていいわね。,Speaking of which; in the case of two male masters fighting; there's no obligation or way to refill your mana afterwards; so even if you win; it's not like you can do anything. At least that part isn't so barbaric; right?
なあ、アンタ、Dランクで最強のマスターって誰だと思う？\nやっぱり俺はミレーヌさんだね。,Hey; who do you think is the strongest master in D-rank? If you ask me; it's gotta be Mylene.
いや、ミレーヌさんがレベルの高いモンスターを使えないのは\n俺も知ってるよ。でも、あのおっぱい。あんなの見たら、\n俺だったら即戦意を喪失しちゃうよ。,I know she can't use high-level monsters; but those boobs... If I saw those while battling; my fighting spirit would vanish before I knew it!
実際、男相手の戦績はかなりいいみたいだしな。\nアンタも男のマスターだし、きっとミレーヌさんには勝てねえぜ。,Actually; her track record against men seems pretty impressive. And since you're a male master; there's no way you'd win against Mylene.
ん・・・。あなたのこと見たことあるような・・・。\nああっ、噂のルーキーくんじゃない？\nきゃー、近くで見るとけっこうかわいいのね❤,Hmm... I feel like I've seen you somewhere before... Oh; aren't you the rookie everyone's talking about? Wow; you're actually pretty cute up close; huh?❤
ミレーヌさんとの試合見てたわよー。\nあんなセクシーな人にまで勝っちゃうなんて、\n我慢強くてすごいじゃない。,I watched your match with Mylene. You must have pretty good endurance to win against someone as sexy as her. You're really impressive.
サキュバスにも勝ったんでしょ？\n男ってすぐ色気でふらふらになっちゃうやつらばっかりだから、\nあなたみたいな硬派な子ってかっこいいわ。,You even beat a succubus too; right? Most guys are so easily swayed by feminine charms; so a tough guy like you is especially cool.
わたしファンになっちゃったから、応援してるわよ。\n頑張ってねー。,I've become a fan; so I'm cheering for you. Keep it up; okay?
こんにちはー、噂のルーキーくん。\nあは、手を振り返してくれた。うれしいー❤,Hey; it's the rumored rookie! Aha; he waved back. I'm so happy!❤
ミレーヌさん以外にも強いマスターいっぱいいるけど、\nちゃんとカッコいいところ見せてよね。応援してるわよ！,But there are plenty of strong masters besides Mylene; so make sure to show us just how cool you can be. I'm rooting for you!
モルゲンのカードマスター学園には有名なトップ選手がいてな、\n人魚使いのメロディ、雷電のボルタ、無敵のシルヴィアって三人が\n全員Bランクマスターなんだぜ。,At Morgen's Cardmaster Academy; there are some pretty famous top players -Melody the mermaid user; Volta the thunder user; and Sylvia the invincible- all of whom are B-rank masters.
Bランクまで上がった学生は国中でこの三人だけだからな。\nまさにエリート様って感じだよ。\nただボルタ以外はみんな偉ぶってなくて、庶民からの人気も高いんだ。,They're actually the only students who have reached B-rank in the entire country. They truly feel like elite. However; except for Volta; they're all pretty humble; making them pretty popular among the common folk.
このさき守護者になったり王都の騎士団長になったりするんだろうけど\nああいうしっかりした子たちが上に立ってくれるなら、\n頼もしい限りだね。,In the future; they might become guardians; or the captain of the royal capital's knights! If such reliable kids take the lead; it would be incredibly reassuring; don't you think?
ん、アンタはミレーヌさんを倒した男マスターじゃねえか。,Mm; you're the guy who defeated Mylene; aren't you?
あんたが勝っちまうせいで「妖精の酒場」の割引がなくなって、\n昨日は酒代が高くついちまった。,Since you won; she didn't offer us a discount at the "Fairy Tavern"; and the drinks ended up costing more yesterday.
でもよ、今日は飲み友達同士で、誰が勝つか賭けてるんだ。\n俺はアンタに賭けたからよ、\n損させられた分、今日はもうけさせてくれよ！,But hey; today me and my drinking buddies are betting on who'll win. I bet on you; so make up for the loss and give me a win today!
つまり、あんたには期待してるってこった！\nサキュバスにすら勝ったんだろ？なら次も楽勝だな！,I have high hopes for you! You even beat a succubus; right? So your next battle should be a piece of cake!
この間Bランク同士の試合を見たんだけどよ、\nいやぁ、やっぱりすごいね。,The other day; I watched a match between two B-rank fighters; and wow; it was really something!
最上級のモンスターがどんどん出てきての激しいぶつかり合い。\n１ターンにモンスターが２体も３体も出てくるし、\nやっぱり上位ランカーは下位とはわけが違うよ。,The top-tier monsters kept coming out; and the clashes were intense. Two or three massive monsters would get summoned in just a single turn. As expected; the higher-ranked players are on a different level than the lower-ranked ones.
もう上の方のランクは女のマスターしかほぼ残ってないからね。\nエロいことは控えめでバトルもけっこうバチバチの戦いだし、\n見てて派手だったねー。高いチケットを買った甲斐があったな。,Almost all of the higher ranked masters are female these days. They keep the erotic stuff to a minimum when they're fighting each other; and the battles get pretty intense. It was really flashy to watch. That expensive ticket was really worth the price.
お、期待のルーキーじゃないか。\n俺、あんたのこの間の試合見たぜ。,Oh; aren't you that promising rookie? I watched your match the other day.
同じ日に上位ランカーの試合があったから、\n実況もつかなかったみたいだけど、\nやっぱりあんた強いな。これで３連勝じゃないか。,Since there was a match with a top-ranked player on the same day; it seems there was no commentary for your fight; but you're really strong. That's three consecutive wins now; right?
昔は男のマスターもAランクやBランクにいたんだけど、\nみんなここ数年でランクダウンしちまった。\nあんたは頑張って上のランクに行ってくれよ。楽しみにしてるぜ。,In the past; there were male masters in the A- and B-ranks; but all the guys have really dropped off over the past few years. Keep working hard to reach the higher ranks. I'm looking forward to it!
最近上位ランカーは女の選手ばっかりになったわ。\nだってみんな女モンスターに誘惑されたら\nすぐ負けちゃうんですもの。,These days; the top-ranked players are all women. It's because guys just crumble as soon as they're tempted by female monsters.
男のマスターってたいしたことないのね。\nあなたもマスターみたいだけど、\nふふ、わたしでもエッチなことしてあげれば倒せそう❤,The male cardmasters aren't that impressive; huh? You seem like a master; too; but... Fufu; I bet I could take you down with a little sexy tease~❤
くすくす❤ちょっと顔を赤くしちゃってかわいい❤\n今日はあなたの試合を観戦して\nあなたが負けちゃうところを楽しもうかしら❤,*Giggle* You're getting a bit red in the face there; cutie~❤ I'll make sure to watch your match today. I'll enjoy seeing you lose~❤
ああ・・・❤またキャミー選手と戦いたい・・・❤,Ah...❤ I want to fight Cammy again...❤
おっと、すまない。ぶつかるところだったね。\nきみもカードマスターかい？\n僕もそうさ。元はＣランクマスターだったんだぜ。,Oops; sorry. I almost bumped into you there. Are you a cardmaster? Yeah; me too. I used to be C-rank; actually.
２週間前ぐらいになるんだが、\nCランクのキャミーという選手と戦ってね、\nその時の戦闘がどうにも忘れられないんだ。,It was about two weeks ago that I fought a C-rank player named Cammy; and I just can't get that battle out of my head.
あの選手に負けたせいで\nCランクからDランクに落ちてしまったっていうのに、\n俺も自分で何を言ってるんだって思うよ。だけど・・・。,I dropped from C-rank to D-rank because of her; and I can't believe I'm saying this... But...
キャミー選手の胸は\nほんとに脳がとけてしまうんじゃないかってぐらい気持ちよくて、\nそのうえ快楽攻撃ばっかり執拗にしてくるから…❤ううっ…❤,Cammy's breasts felt so good; it was like I could actually feel my mind melting away... And when she kept relentlessly hitting me with those pleasure attacks...❤ Ughh...❤
僕、今日はＤランクのマスターと試合があるんだ。\nちゃんと集中しないとね。ううっ・・・・❤,I have a match against a D-rank master today. I need to focus properly. Ugh...❤
よお、期待のルーキー！\nここまで４連勝なんだろ？アンタすげーな！,Hey; it's the promising rookie! Four consecutive wins so far; right? You're amazing!
油断すれば下位ランカーにだって\n足元をすくわれることもあるのがカードバトルの世界。\nそれを負け知らずで４回も勝つなんてたいしたもんだぜ。,If they let your guard down; even lower-ranked players can trip you up in the world of card battles. Winning four times in a row is quite the achievement.
あの蛇使いのパトラにも勝つなんてよ。\n次は昇格戦かぁ、見るのが楽しみだなぁ！\n最近は男は降格してばっかりだったからアンタには期待してるぜ！,You even beat that snake charmer; Patra! Next is the promotion match; right? I'm looking forward to watching it! Recently; the guys have been getting demoted left and right; so I'm counting on you!
だからほらよ、持ってきな！\nこの金で新しいパックでも買って、\n上のランクのやつらをぎゃふんと言わせてやりな！,So here; take this! Use that money to buy a new pack and make those higher-ranked girls eat their words!
アンタのすげー試合を見せてもらえるなら、\nこれぐらい安いもんだぜ。\n楽しみにしてるぜ、ルーキー！,It's a small price to pay to see your amazing matches. I'm looking forward to it; rookie!
よお、期待のルーキー！\n新しいカードは仕入れてきたか？,Yo; promising rookie! Did you get any new cards?
なあに、アンタのすげー試合を見せてもらえるなら、\nこれぐらい安いもんだ。\n楽しみにしてるぜ、ルーキー！,Hey; it's a small price to pay to get to see your amazing matches. I'm looking forward to it; rookie!
ねえねえ、もしかして、無敗のルーキーじゃないか？\nうわぁ、直接会えるなんて！,Hey; hey! Aren't you the undefeated rookie? Wow; I can't believe I'm meeting you in person!
ルーキーってこの街に来たときはFランクだったのに、\n連戦連勝であっという間にCランクに上がったんだろ？\nすげー！かっこいい！俺も無敗のルーキーみたいになりたい！,You were just an F-rank when you first came to town; but you rose to C-rank so quickly just winning back-to-back; right? That's amazing! So cool! I want to be an undefeated rookie just like you!
なあ、握手してくれよ。いいの？ほんとに？\nやった！ありがとう！\n俺、この手しばらく洗わないよ！,Hey; can I shake your hand? Is that okay? Really!? Awesome! Thank you! I won't be washing this hand for a while!
最近どうも王都の方がきなくさいらしいな。\nギルドマスターや高ランクのマスターが盛んに行き来していて、\nそろそろ大きな戦でもあるんじゃないかって話だぜ。,Recently; it feels like something's brewing in the royal capital. Guild masters and high-ranking cardmasters have been coming and going frequently; and there's talk that a major conflict might be on the horizon.
王都とモルゲンには強力な結界があって、\nサキュバスたちも簡単には手を出せねえ。\nそれでしばらく膠着状態だったんだが、いよいよ動き出すのかもな。,The royal capital and Morgen have powerful barriers; so even the succubi can't easily make a move. It's left the war in a standstill for a while; but tensions might finally be starting to flare up again.
まあ、モルゲンは魔族領からは遠いから\n直接戦いになったりはしないだろうけどよ。\n王都に食い物が流れる分、値上げとかするかもしれねえな。,Thankfully; since Morgen is pretty far from the demon territory; the fighting probably won't reach us. Still; since the royal capital's food supplies will be prioritized; prices might go up.
わたしもカードマスターなんだけれど、\nとてもDランク以上に上がれる気がしないわ。\nバトルで勝つのって大変よ。,I'm a cardmaster; too; but I really don't feel like I can rise above D-rank. Winning battles these days is tough.
Dランクには落ちぶれた男性マスターがたくさんいるし、\nわたしも色気を磨けば上に上がれるのかしら。\nうーん・・・。,There are a bunch of male masters in the D-rank who fell from the higher ranks; and sometimes I wonder if I could rise up by honing my allure like the other girls. Hmm...
一度サキュバスカードを探してデッキに入れてみようかな。\nなかなか見つからないって言うけれど、市場で見つかるかしら。,Maybe I should try looking for a succubus card and add it to my deck. They say they're hard to find; but maybe I could find one in the market...
カードマスターが犯罪をしたらどうなると思う？\nギルドで指名手配されて、\nモルゲンの特殊牢獄に入れられるのよ。,What do you think happens when a cardmaster commits a crime? They end up on the guild's wanted list; and are locked up in Morgen's special prison.
カードを取り上げたうえで、\n強いカードマスターの看守たちが24時間見張っているの。\n凶悪な犯罪者だって逃げだすことはできないわ。,They take away your cards have strong cardmasters watch you 24/7. Even the most dangerous criminals can't escape.
看守の一人、Cランクのヤツメさまはとってもカッコいいんだから。\nあのクールな瞳。わたしあの人のファンなの。\n無敗のルーキーのあなたにだってきっとヤツメさまは負けないわよ。,One of the guards; a C-rank master named Yatsume; is really cool. Just thinking about her intense gaze... I'm her biggest fan. Even you -the Undefeated Rookie- wouldn't stand a chance against her!
なあ聞いてくれよ。\n俺の応援してた男のCランクカードマスターがこの間ぼろ負けしてよ、\nついに降格しちまったんだ。,Hey; listen up! The C-rank cardmaster I was rooting for got completely crushed the other day; and ended up getting demoted; too.
女どもの誘惑に負けないけっこう強いマスターだったんだぜ？\nだけど、一回の試合では我慢できても、\n何回も戦っているうちにとうとう耐え切れなくなったみたいでよ。,He was a pretty strong cardmaster who wasn't swayed by the women's temptations; you know? But while he might've been able to hold out in one match; it seems after back-to-back fights he just couldn't stand it anymore.
一回こっぴどく負けてからはすっかり快楽に弱くなっちまって…。\nそこからはいくらやっても女マスターに勝てなくなっちまった。,After losing badly just once; he became totally weak to pleasure attacks... From then on; no matter how hard he tried; he couldn't win against the female masters anymore.
一度でも女モンスターたちの気持ちよさ味わうと、\n快感に抗えなくなっちまうのかな。\nアンタは負けないでくれよ、無敗のルーキー。,Once you've experience the pleasure of a female monster can offer you; you won't be able to resist that feeling ever again. Hey; undefeated rookie; you better not lose.
ネネコ選手みたいな獣人って、\n普段は北の方に住んでいる種族なのよ。\nだから南にあるモルゲンに来ると暑くて大変らしいわ。,Beastmen like Neneko usually live in the northern regions; so when they come to Morgen in the south; they seem to struggle with the heat.
毛がもふもふしてて、人間よりも体温高そうだもの。\nでも、獣人の男の子ってかわいいから、\n一度あのもふもふを思いっきりなでてみたいわね。,Their fur is really fluffy; and they seem to have a higher body temperature than humans. Still; beastmen boys are just so cute! I want to try giving that fluff a good petting at least once; you know?
ううっ、まさかヤツメ様があんたみたいな男に負けるだなんて…。\nショックだわ…。,Ugh; I can't believe Lady Yatsume would lose to a guy like you... It's just unthinkable...
でもヤツメ様もあなたの実力を認めていたし、\n悔しいけれど、応援するしかないようね。\nヤツメ様ファンとしてあなたのこれからの勝利を祈っているわ！,But since Lady Yatsume recognized your abilities; it seems I don't have any choice but to support you; no matter how frustrating it is. As a fan of Lady Yatsume; I pray for your future victories!
モルゲンにいると感覚がマヒしちまうが、\nＣランクの上位っていうと、相当の実力者だからな。\n騎士団だったら小さな隊の隊長を任されたりするレベルだぜ。,It can be hard to imagine when you're here in Morgen; but being one of the higher-tier C-rank masters means you're actually a pretty formidable force. In an order of knights; it'd be like being at the level of a captain of a small squad.
ヤツメなんがいい例だよ。\n凶悪犯を入れておく看護の看守をギルドから任されてるんだ、\nそれぐらいの箔がＣランクにはあるってことだ。,Yatsume is a good example. She's been assigned by the guild to guard and care for dangerous criminals; which just goes to show the level of faith that comes with being C-rank.
Ｂランクにまで行くと、地域の統括者になれたり、\nギルドや国の機関で重要な役職に就けたりするらしいな。\n国全体でＢランクマスターは100人もいないんじゃないか。,Once you reach B-rank; you might get assigned as a regional overseer or hold important positions in guilds or national agencies. There actually aren't that many B-rank masters. Maybe less than 100 across the whole country.
無敗のルーキー、あんたももうすぐＢランクだと思うと、\nすげー話だな。俺はいちファンとしてあんたのこと応援してるぜ。\n次の試合も楽しみだな。,It's pretty amazing to think that you might be B-rank soon. As a fan of yours; I'm cheering for you! I'll be looking forward to your next match.
わー、ここが闘技場かー。\nお師匠さまの試合楽しみだなー。\nあ、こんにちは。お兄さんも試合を見に来たの？,Wow; so this is the colosseum. I'm really looking forward to Master Musashi's match. Oh; hello. Did you come to watch the match too; mister?
わたしはね、ムサシ師匠の道場に通ってる門下生なの。\nお師匠様は、Cランクのマスターの中でも強いんだよ。\nそろそろ試合があるからって観戦に来たんだ。,I'm a student at Master Musashi's dojo. Master is one of the strongest C-rank masters around. When I heard her match is about to start; I hurried over to watch.
お師匠様はモンスターを使わないすごくカッコいいデッキで、\n剣と盾だけでバッタバッタとモンスターたちを倒してさ、すごいんだー。\nわたしもムサシ師匠みたいに強くなりたいなー。,My master has a really cool deck that actually doesn't use any monsters. She takes down her enemies left and right with just a sword and shield. It's amazing! I want to become strong like Master Musashi some day.
あ、さっきのお兄さん。こんにちは。\nえ？お兄さんもカードマスターなの？へー。,Oh; you're the guy from earlier. Huh? What's that? You're a cardmaster; too? Wow.
ねーねー、それならお兄さんもわたしたちの道場に入門しない？\nお師匠様の試合を見てさ、一緒にファンになろうよ。\nお師匠様は強くてカッコいいんだよー。,Hey; hey; why don't you join our dojo; too? We can watch my master’s match together! I'm sure you'll be her fan in no time. My master is super strong and really cool!
あら、期待のルーキーじゃない！\nあなたいよいよ、Bランク昇格戦に挑むのよね？\n公式戦無敗でここまで行くとか、ほんとうにすごいわね！,Hey; you're the promising rookie! You're finally challenging the B-rank promotion match; right? It's really impressive that you've made it this far without losing a single official match!
特等席のチケットをなけなしの金で買ったのよ。\n次の試合でもカッコいいところ見せてよね！,I bought a front-row ticket to your match with the last of my money. Make sure to show us something cool in the next match too; okay?
モルゲンのカードマスター学園といえば、この国でも一番の学園よ。\n入門試験はそこまで難しくないけど、昇級は超難関。\n全体の1割ぐらいしか最上級生にはなれないんだって。,The Cardmaster Academy in Morgen is the best academy in the country. The entrance exam isn't too tough; but the promotion exams are where people struggle. Only about 10% of the students make it to the top grade.
でも、最近学園の風紀が乱れているらしいわ。\n昔と違ってエッチな技術も教えるようになったからなのか、男子生徒を\n奴隷のようにこき使う女子グループがいくつかあるって聞いたわ。,However; I've heard that the school's discipline has been deteriorating recently. Apparently; unlike in the past; some of the girls have started learning lewd techniques and are treating male students like slaves.
男ってだけでこき使われるのはかわいそうよね。\n注意しようにも男の先生も多いから、彼女たちにたじたじにされて、\n対処に手を焼いているそうよ。,It's really sad that they're being used like that just because they're boys; don't you think? Some of the teachers have tried to intervene; but a bunch of the male teachers are apparently intimidated by these girls and are having trouble dealing with the situation.
ねーねー、無敗のルーキー、僕、大ファンなんだ！\n勝ちまくっててカッコいいよなー！,Hey; hey; undefeated rookie! I'm a huge fan! It's so cool how you just keep winning!
へー、近くで見ると、ルーキーの手って\nうちの父ちゃんとかよりもごつごつしてないんだな。でも、これで\nうちの父ちゃんなんか目じゃないぐらい強いんだよな。すげー！,Wow; seeing you up close like this; your hands aren't as rough as my dad's. But you're still way stronger than him. Amazing!
俺もカードの練習いっぱいして、\n無敗のルーキーぐらい強くなるんだ！\n俺の周りの男はみんな、ルーキーにあこがれてるぜ！,I'm going to practice with cards a bunch and become as strong as you one of these days! Just know me and all my friends are rooting for you; mister!
お師匠様を倒すなんて、お兄さんすごく強い人だったんだね。,You managed to defeat my master; huh? You must be really strong; mister.
師匠はいつもエッチな攻撃とかしないから、わたしああいうバトルははじめて見たの。何を言ってるかは聞こえなかったけど、わたし目がいいから遠くからでもお兄さんのアソコも見えちゃって…。,My master doesn't normally do anything lewd; so it was my first time seeing a battle like that. I couldn't hear what she was saying; but I have good eyesight; so I could see your... thing from pretty far away...
あうう、思い出すだけで恥ずかしい・・・。\nべ、べつに今想像したりとかはしてないよ。\nそんなエッチな子じゃないし！,Ugh; just thinking about it is really embarrassing... I-I mean; not that I'm imagining anything right now or anything. I'm not that kind of girl!
うう、わたしももう少し大きくなったら、ああいう技を練習するのかな。\n触ったら固いのかな・・・。,Ugh; I wonder if I'll have to practice techniques like that when I get a little older. I wonder if it feels hard to the touch...
Bランク昇格おめでとー！すごいなー！\n男のマスターでBランクに上がったの、\n無敗のルーキーさんが今の大会じゃ初めてだよ！,Congratulations on your promotion to B-rank! That's amazing! The undefeated rookie is officially the first male cardmaster to have made it this far in the tournament!
みんな降格ばっかりなんだもん。なさけないよなー。\nなんで女の子のモンスターなんかにあんなに簡単にやられちゃうんだ？\n意味わかんねーぜ。,All the other guys are getting demoted left and right. Pretty sad; don't you think? Why are they getting taken down by female monsters so easily? I don't get it.
あ、それがBランクのギルドリングなのか？\nへー、きれいな赤色だなー！\nかっこいいー！,Oh; is that a B-rank guild ring? Wow; that shade of red is so pretty! Awesome!
あ、それがBランクのギルドリングなのか？\nえ？ギルドに行って申請してないからまだCランクのリング？\nへー、そういう決まりになってるんだ。,Oh; is that a B-rank guild ring? What's that? You haven't gone to the guild to apply for your new rank; so you still have a C-rank ring? Wow; so that's how it works.
ほぉー、あんたが無敗のルーキーか！\n直接見るとえらい男前じゃのう！,Oh; so you're the undefeated rookie! Seeing you in person; you're quite the handsome one; aren't you?
街のジジババたちの間で、あんたの人気がすごいことになっとるぞ。\nサキュバスが現れる前の、昔のバトルに思い入れがある者が多いからの、\nアンタみたいな正攻法のマスターは大人気なんじゃ。,You know; you've gotten pretty popular among the old folks in town. Before the succubi appeared; many of us had fond memories of the old battles; so a straightforward master like you is pretty refreshing to see.
サキュバスどもや、その技を真似した卑猥な戦法なんぞ、\nまったく効かんとお前さんが証明してくれ。\nほれ、これは老人会からの差し入れじゃ。,Keep proving that those lewd tactics the succubi and their imitators don't work in this city. Here; this is a donation from us old folks at the club.
ほほ、けっこうな額じゃろう？\nそれだけみなおぬしに期待しておるのよ。\nこれでカードでも買って、さらに精進しておくれ。,Ho ho; that's quite a sum; isn't it? We have high hopes for you. Use this to buy some cards and keep improving.
おお、おお、無敗のルーキー、\nわしらがあげたお金は役に立っておるかの。,My my; it's the undefeated rookie. Is the money we gave you being put to good use?
おぬしのような若くて強いマスターがわしらの希望じゃよ。\n次の試合も楽しみにしておるぞ。,A strapping young master like you is our only hope. We're looking forward to your next match.
知ってる？大会期間中はモルゲンにカードマスターが集まるから、\nその分ほかの町がどうしても手薄になってしまうの。,Did you know? During the tournament period; cardmasters gather in Morgen; which inevitably leaves other towns understaffed.
守護者の人たちが集まって実力を競う機会なんて、\nこの大会ぐらいしかないから仕方ないとは思うけど、\nでもやっぱり治安が悪くなるのはちょっと怖いわよね。,It can't really be helped; since the tournament is one of the few opportunities for guardians to gather and compete; but still; it's a bit scary how public safety just deteriorates; don't you think?
知ってる？西の町にいたそれなりの人数の盗賊団が、\n一人のBランクカードマスターに壊滅させられたんですって。,Did you know? A considerable number of bandits in the western town were wiped out by a single B-rank cardmaster.
たった一人で何十人も倒してしまうなんて、\n上位ランクのカードマスターってやっぱりすごいのね。\n尊敬しちゃうわ。,To take down dozens of them all by themself... Upper-ranked cardmasters are really something else; huh? I can't help but admire them.
そろそろ大会も佳境ね。\n10年に1度のこのカード大会、ランクが大きく変動するから、\n新しく名を上げた人もいれば、逆に名声を失ってしまった人もいる。,The tournament is nearing its peak. This once-a-decade tournament always sees significant rank fluctuations; so while some have risen to fame; others have lost their reputation.
あなたは大きく名を上げた部類ね。\n無敗のルーキーって名前を、今じゃモルゲンで知らない人はいないわ。,You're one of the ones who've been able to really make a name for themselves. The title "undefeated rookie" is now known by just about everyone in Morgen.
大会が終わったら、\n守護者に任命されてどこか領地を与えられたりするのかしら。\nすごいわね。ほんと夢のある話。,When the tournament's over; do you think you'll be appointed as a guardian and given a territory somewhere? That would be amazing; don' you think? I'm sure it'd be a dream come true for you.
最近どうもカードの流通がおかしい気がするな。\n大会中はマスターがたくさんいるから、\n多少カードパックが値上がりするのは分かるんだが・・・。,Recently; I feel like the card distribution has gotten a little strange. During the tournament; there are a lot of masters; so I understand that card packs might increase in price a bit...
それにしてもそもそも普通のパックの流入量が減っているような？\n品薄なカードパックに目をつければ、\n商機がころがっていそうだぜ。,Still; it seems like the flow of regular packs is slowing; doesn't it? If we keep an eye on the scarce card packs; there might be a business opportunity rolling in.
ほぉー、おぬしが無敗のルーキーか。\nFランクから一気にBランクにあがって、\nそのうえBランクでも勝ったというじゃないか。すごいのう。,Oh; so you're the undefeated rookie. I hear you jumped from F-rank to B-rank in one go. They even say you've already won a B-rank match. Impressive.
闘技場には長いこと通っておるが、\nあんたほどの躍進を見たのは初めてかもしれんの。\nいやあ、長生きはするもんじゃな。,I've been frequenting the colosseum for a long time; but I don't think I've ever seen someone rise as quickly as you. Living a long life has its perks; I suppose.
ねーねー、ほら見て！\n無敗のルーキーさんが主役になった本がね、\nそこで売ってたの！,Hey; hey; look! There's a book with the undefeated rookie as the main character being sold over there!
お兄さんが山にこもって修行してた話とか、\nドラゴン20匹を退治した話とかのってるんだよ。,There's a story about how he secluded himself in the mountains to train; and another about how he defeated 20 dragons!
え？僕はそんなことしてない？\nうそだー。だって本に書いてあるもん。\nお兄さんが忘れちゃっただけだよ、きっと。,Huh? You didn't do any of that? That's not true. It's written in the book. You must have just forgotten.
サキュバスカードかぁ。\nリュカ商会が売り出していたけど、\n使うのどうしようかしら。,A succubus card; huh? I saw the Ryuka Trading Company selling them; but I'm not sure if I should buy some or not..
普通のモンスターと同じぐらいの戦闘力があって、\nそのうえ異性相手だとかなり強力なのよね。\n同性のモンスター相手にも快楽攻撃や魅了はけっこう効くみたいだし…,They're combat power is similar to an ordinary monster; and it's pretty powerful against male opponents on top of that. They're pleasure attacks and charms seem to work pretty well against other female monsters; too...
でも試合では無敗のルーキーが普通に勝ってたしなぁ…。\n男相手にあれじゃあ、やっぱり買う価値はないのかしら。\nうーん。,But the undefeated rookie keeps winning his matches... If they don't even work that well against male opponents; maybe they're really not worth buying. Hmm...
サキュバスというのは得体のしれん魔物じゃのう。\n現れて10年は経つが、\n快楽などというふざけた手段でこうも人間が押されるとは。,The succubi are pretty mysterious creatures; aren't they? It's been ten years since they first appeared; and it's still hard to believe humans could be so easily overwhelmed by a tactic as ridiculous as pleasure.
聞けば、わしらのような老人であっても、\nサキュバスを目にすると快楽に呑まれてしまうらしい。\n性別年齢を問わず本能を直接刺激してくるということなのじゃろう。,I've heard that even old folks aren't safe from their wiles. It seems that regardless of gender or age; they manage to stimulate the human senses.
生き物である以上、性欲からは逃れられん。\n実に厄介な相手じゃのう。,As long as we're warm-blooded creatures; we can't escape sexual desire. Truly a tricky opponent.
うわあ、無敗のルーキーだ！！\nすげー、本物だ！,Wow; it's the undefeated rookie!! Amazing; you're the real deal!
こんどAランクの昇格戦に出るんだろ！\n俺ぜったい見に行くぜ。こづかい全部使ってチケット買うんだ！,You're going to be in the A-rank promotion match next time; right? I'm definitely gonna be watching; even if I ahve to spend all my allowance on a ticket!
なんだろう、体がむずむずする・・・。,I don't know why; but my body feels restless...
体が熱いというかなんというか。\n魔力が体からあふれ出しそうな、変な感じ・・・。,It's kinda... hot; or something. It feels strange; like my magical power is about to overflow from my body...
んー、昨日サキュバスカードで男マスターをこてんぱんに負かして、\n魔力を搾りすぎたかしら？\n魔力の過剰摂取って体に悪いんだっけ。不安になってきちゃった。,Hmm; did I squeeze too much magical power out of the male master with my succubus card yesterday? Is excessive intake of magical power bad for the body? I'm starting to feel anxious.
いよいよ大会もクライマックスということで、\n兵士たちにもここ数日非番が与えられています。,Finally; the tournament is reaching its apex; and the soldiers have been given a few days off to enjoy it.
持ち場を離れて大丈夫かと思うかもしれませんが、\nモルゲンの街には巨大な結界が張ってあり、\n外から魔族が侵入する際には非常に時間がかかります。,I know what you're thinking. Is it really okay for me to leave my post? The city of Morgen is protected by a massive barrier. It takes a considerable amount of time for demons to breach it from the outside.
街に近づいた段階で警報がなり、\nそこから急いで現場に急行しても間に合うというわけです。,And the moment they get near the city; an alarm sounds; giving us guards plenty of time to rush to the scene.
この街の結界は古代の魔導装置を利用して作られており、\n魔導王妃と呼ばれる偉大な王女が開発した装置が、\n何百年の時を経て今も使われているそうです。,The barrier's created using an ancient magical device developed by a great ruler known as the Magical Queen. Rumor says it's been in use for hundreds of years now.
話によればさらに強力な結界装置もあって、\nそれを作動させると物理的な攻撃も含めて\n街を完全に守るのだそうですよ。,According to the story; there's actually an even more powerful barrier device that; when activated; completely protects the city against all attacks; magical or physical!
カードバトルは奥が深い…。\n闘技場での戦いからは学ぶことばかりです。,Card battles are incredibly complex... There's so much to learn from the fights in the colosseum.
カードには色々な属性がありますが、\nDランク以上のマスターの場合、\n使用する属性を１つに限定しているマスターが多いみたいですね。,Cards have various attributes; but it seems that many of the masters D-rank and above tend to limit themselves to using just one; doesn't it?
やはり属性サポートの強力なカードが使えるのが大きいのでしょう。\nしかし、属性に頼り切っていると、オクタ選手のような\n相手の属性を変えるカードに足元をすくわれることもあります。,It makes sense since being able to use powerful cards that support specific attributes is really helpful. If you rely too much on attributes; however; you might find yourself at a disadvantage against cards like the ones Octa uses; which can change the opponent's attribute.
属性変化のカードは希少ですから使い手は多くありません。\nしかし、一応そういう妨害も頭に入れたうえでデッキを組むのは\n重要かもしれませんね。,Cards that change attributes are rare; so there aren't many masters who use them. Still; it might be useful to keep such disruptions in mind when building a deck; don't you think?
「オーバーキル」という言葉を知っていますか？\n相手モンスターにとどめを刺す際に、\nHP以上にダメージを与えて倒すことを「オーバーキル」といいます。,Have you heard the term 'overkill' before? It refers to dealing more damage than the target has HP left to finish it off.
例えば相手のＨＰが800ポイントのとき、\n魔法カードで300ダメージを与え、その後攻撃力800のモンスターで\n攻撃したら、完全に魔法カードが１枚無駄になっています。,For example; if the opponent's HP is 800; and you deal 300 damage with a magic card before attacking with a monster that has 800 attack; then your magic card was a total waste!
そんなバカなことはしないと思うかもしれませんが、\n相手モンスターが複数いたりすると、\nけっこうこの手のプレイングミスは起こりがちです。,You might think that no one would make such a stupid mistake; but when your opponent has multiple monsters; these kinds of misplays can happen pretty easily.
こちらの与えられるダメージと相手のＨＰを正確に把握し、\n攻撃手段を効率よく分配できるかどうかは、\n強いカードマスターになる鍵ですね。,Accurately understanding the opponent's HP and the damage you can deal so you can efficiently distribute it is key to becoming a strong cardmaster; don't you think?
デッキ枚数を何枚にするか、というのは\nマスターにとって永遠のテーマです。\n一見、カードを入れるだけ入れた方が強いように見えますが…,Deciding how many cards to include in your deck is an eternal question for a master to answer. At first glance; it seems like having more cards would make your deck stronger...
実のところデッキ枚数は少ない方が強いのではないか\nという説が今は有力ですね。\nなぜなら余計なカードを引く確率が減るからです。,But in practice; the theory that a stronger deck actually has fewer cards is currently gaining traction; since it reduces the probability of drawing something unnecessary.
最も強いカードだけでデッキを組めば、\n強いカードだけを引くことができます。\nそこそこ強いカードは入れるだけ邪魔になるというわけです。,If you build a deck with only the strongest cards; you'll only ever draw strong cards. Cards that are kind of strong just get in the way at that point.
ただしデッキ内に特定のカードが無いと効果が不発になるものもあり、\nそうしたカードを安定させるにはある程度の枚数も必要でしょう。\n限界まで切り詰めるか少し余裕を持たせるか。中々難しいところですね,However; there are certain cards whose effects become ineffective if certain other specific cards aren't in the deck with them; and to keep these cards strong; a certain number of them may be necessary. It's a tough decision whether to cut down to the limit or allow a bit of leeway; don't you think?
デッキの枚数が少ない方が強いのなら、\n最強のカード１枚だけを入れたデッキが最強かもしれません。,If having fewer cards in the deck makes it stronger; then in theory a deck with just the single strongest card might be the most powerful deck ever.
とはいえ、「デッキケース」の魔道具は\nある程度の枚数のカードを入れないと効果を発揮しません。\n最低20枚は入れないといけないので、１枚デッキは組めないわけです,That said; the 'deck case' magical tool doesn't work unless you put a certain number of cards in it. You need at least 20 cards; so you can't make a one-card deck.
「デッキケース」に入れて事前に魔力を充填しておかないと\nカードは連発して使えないので、\nいたしかたないところではありますね。,If you don't put enough cards in the 'deck case' and charge them with magical power in advance; you won't be able to use them repeatedly; so it's pretty unavoidable; huh?
デッキケースは遺跡からよく発掘され、広く使われていますが、\n謎の多い魔道具です。入れたカードが自動でシャッフルされるのも、\n魔力の充填が効率よくなるからだと言われています。,Deck cases are often excavated from ruins and are widely used; but they're still a pretty mysterious magical tool. It's said that the cards placed inside are automatically shuffled because it makes charging them with magical power more efficient.
強いカード10枚ぐらいでデッキを組めて、\nさらに事前に山札を並べておければ最高なのですが…。\nそううまい話はないようです。,If you could build a deck with about ten strong cards and maybe even arrange the draw pile in advance; you might be unstoppable... But it's just not that easy I guess.
カードにはアドバンテージという考え方があります。\nアドバンテージというのは「どれぐらい有利になったか」\nみたいな意味ですね。,In battle; cards have a concept called 'advantage'. 'Card advantage' means 'how much more favorable a card makes your situation;' does that make sense?
例えば、手札を１枚捨てて発動する魔法カードで、\n山札からカードを１枚引くとしたらどうでしょう。\n１枚を捨てて１枚を引いているので一見損も得もないようですが、,For example; if you use a spell card that requires you to discard one card from your hand to draw one card from your deck; it might seem like you're neither gaining nor losing anything since you're discarding one card to just draw another. However...
実はその魔法カード自体も使い捨てているので、\n２枚のカードで１枚のカードをドローしていることになります。\nこの場合、２対１交換になっているので１枚の損ですね。,Since the magic card itself is also a one-time use; you are effectively using two cards to draw just one. In this case; it's a 2-for-1 exchange; resulting in a loss of one card; understand?
手札を１枚捨ててカードを2枚ドローすれば、２対２交換で損得なし。\n３枚のカードを引けるなら２対３交換で１枚の得です。,If you discard one card from your hand and draw two cards; it's a 2-for-2 exchange; resulting in no gain or loss. If you can draw three cards; it's a 2-for-3 exchange; resulting in a one-card gain.
このように発動したカードもコストに含めて考えて、\n消費したコストに対してどのぐらいのメリットが得られるか計算すると\n強いカードが見極められるようになりますよ。,By considering the played card as part of the cost and calculating the benefits gained against the cost you pay; you'll be able to identify which cards are especially strong!
デッキ圧縮という考え方をご存じでしょうか。,Are you familiar with the concept of deck thinning?
例えば、\n「デッキからカードを１枚引く」というカードがあったとします。\n１枚使って１枚引くだけですから一見無意味なカードです。,As an example; let's say you have a card that says; 'draw one card from your deck.' At first glance; it seems like a pointless card since you use one card to draw one card.
しかし、デッキを強いカードだけで固めるという目的からすると、\nこのカードは非常に強力です。,However; looking at it with the goal of filling your deck with only the strongest cards; this card is actually extremely powerful.
例えばこのカードを３枚入れるだけで、20枚のデッキではなく、\n実質17枚だけのカードでデッキを組むことができます。\nつまり強いカードだけでデッキを固められるというわけです。,For example; by including three of this card; you can effectively create a deck with only 17 cards instead of 20; meaning more strong cards and less filler.
１対１交換をするカードにはこうした使い道もあるので、\n知っているとデッキ構築の幅が広がりますね。,Since cards that can be exchanged one-for-one can be used like that; knowing about them can really broaden your deck-building options; don't you think?
墓地リソースという言葉を知っていますか？,Do you know the term 'graveyard resource'?
カードには自分の墓地のカードをコストにして発動するものがあります。\nまた墓地のカードを復活させたり、手札に戻すカードもあります。,Some cards can be activated using cards from your own graveyard as a cost. There are even cards that can revive other cards from the graveyard or return them to your hand.
そうしたカードのことを考えると、\n墓地もひとつの資源、重要なリソースだという考え方が、\n「墓地リソース」ですね。,If you use cards like those; the graveyard becomes another resource; and a pretty important resource at that. That is what we call 'graveyard resource'; understand?
墓地をフル活用するデッキの使い手は\n「墓地は第二の手札だ」と豪語する人もいるとか。\nそれぐらい墓地は重要なのです。,Some masters whose decks fully utilize the graveyard boast that 'their graveyard is a second hand'. That's how important the graveyard can be.
自分のデッキからカードを直接墓地へ送るカードがありますが、\nそうしたカードと墓地を再利用するカードを組み合わせると\n意外と強力なコンボになったりしますよ。,Cards that send other cards directly from your deck to the graveyard might seem weak; but when you combine those with cards that reuse the graveyard; it can become an unexpectedly powerful combo!
コンボカードについて考えるのはカードバトルの醍醐味です。,Thinking about combo cards is the essence of card battles.
多くの場合、\n特定のカードがないと発動できないような強い制約のあるカードは\n強力な効果を持っています。,In many cases; cards with strong restrictions that can't be activated without other specific cards often have powerful effects.
しかしだからといって、考えなしにデッキに入れると、\n手札事故を引き起こしかねません。コンボ用のカードがそろわなければ\n何の役にも立たないカードになってしまうからです。,However; if you put them in your deck carelessly; you might run into some issues with your hand. If you don't have the combo cards ready; they can become totally useless!
コンボカードを活かすためには、ドローカードを追加で入れたり、\n属性やレベルでデッキからサーチするようなカードを入れると、\n動きが安定しますね。,To make the most of combo cards; try adding draw cards or cards that search your deck by attribute or level to help make your deck more consistent; okay?
強力なカードと潤滑油になるようなカード、\nそのどちらもが強いデッキを作るうえでは欠かせないと言えるでしょう。,Powerful cards and the commbo cards that fuel them... Both are essential for building a strong deck.
「メタカード」というのをご存じでしょうか。,Do you know what a 'meta card' is?
メタカードは特定の種類のデッキに対してよく刺さるカードのことで\n例えば魔法の「武装放棄」がそうですね。,A meta card is a card that works especially well against specific types of decks; such as the spell 'Abandon Weapons.'
このカードはわずか500のLPコストで、\n相手の装備カードをすべて破壊してしまいます。\n１枚で最大３枚破壊できるわけですから、きわめて強力です。,This card; at the small cost of 500 LP; can destroy all of the opponent's equipped cards. Since it can destroy up to three of their cards for just one of your own; it's extremely powerful.
しかし一方で、装備カードを使わない相手に対しては\nまったく役に立たないカードでもあります。,On the other hand; it's completely useless against opponents who don't use equipment cards.
事前に相手のデッキの情報を集め、メタカードをデッキに入れておく。\nそういうしたたかな戦術も\nカードマスターとして勝ち上がっていくには大事なのかもしれません。,Try to gather information about your opponent's deck in advance and include meta cards in your own. Such shrewd tactics might be crucial for rising through the cardmaster ranks.
おや、あなたは「武装放棄」を持っていないのですか？\nあまりレアなカードでもありませんし、\nわたしの手持ちで余っている１枚を差し上げましう。,Oh; you don't have 'Abandon Weapons' yet? It's not that rare of a card; why don't I give you this extra one I have from my collection.
あなたもいよいよBランクですか。\n本当にたいしたものです。,So you've finally reached B-rank? That's really impressive.
わたしは闘技場を観戦し、\n本で多くを学んでカードバトルの腕を磨いてきました。,I've been watching fights in the colosseum and studying a bunch of books hoping to hone my card battle skills.
しかし昨今の快楽攻撃の流行のせいで、\nいくら知識があっても、女性モンスター相手に\n全く歯が立たなくなってしまったのです。,Because of the recent increase in pleasure attacks; though; no matter how much knowledge I have; I've become completely powerless against female monsters.
無敗のルーキー、あなたの精神力を尊敬しますよ。\nわたしにもはや教えられることはありません。\nぜひその手でＢランクの栄光をつかみ取ってください！ I'm really impressed by your mental fortitude; Undefeated Rookie. There's nothing more I can teach you. Please; go and grasp the glory of B-rank with your own two hands!
この国は大きく分けて4つのエリアがあります。\nカードマスターの街モルゲンがあり、穀倉地帯でもある南部。,This country is roughly divided into four areas. In the south; there's the city of Morgen; home of the cardmasters. The southern region is used mostly for agriculture.
山がちながら鉱物資源に恵まれた西部。\n海に開かれており、小さな島との交易もある東部。,The western region is mountainous and rich in mineral resources. The eastern region is open to the sea and engages in trade with small islands.
そして魔族領に接しており王都もある北部です。\n北部には獣人たちの村落もあるそうですね。,And then there's the northern region; which borders the demon territory; and also holds the royal capital. I've heard there are villages of beastmen in the northern region as well.
かつては北の地にもっと広い領土があったのですが、\nサキュバスたちの侵攻により多くの村落が奪われてしまいました。\n王都の結界の力で、なんとか今は食い止めているにすぎません。,There used to be a much larger territory in the northern lands; but many villages were taken when the succubi invaded. Thanks to the barrier around the royal capital; we're managing to hold them off for now; but just barely.
この事態をなんとかするためにも、\n若い我々が努力しないといけませんね。無敗のルーキーを見習って、\nわたしも日夜修行に励んでいます。,To address this situation; young masters like us have to make a real effort. So I'm following your example and dedicating myself to training day and night.
カードパックは基本的に\n遺跡から出る発掘品やモンスターが落とすアイテムの中に入っています。\nしかし・・・,Card packs are items that are excavated from ruins or dropped by monsters. However...
どういった原理でカードの中に魔法や生物が封じ込められているのかは\nいまだに謎が多くほとんどわかっていません。,The principle by which spells and monsters are sealed within these cards remains largely a mystery we've barely even begun to understand.
ある学説によれば、カードの中のモンスターたちは、\nマスターと前世でつながりがあったものたちであり、\n召喚されて命令に従うのはそのつながりを感じるからだと言います。,According to a certain theory; the monsters within the cards had a special connection with their master in a past life; and they obey commands upon being summoned because they feel that connection.
カードパックを開いたとき\n人によってどんなカードが顕現するか違うため、\nこのようなロマンチック？な学説も出ているわけですね。,When you open a card pack; the cards that manifest differ from person to person; which I suppose is why such a romantic theory has emerged.
わたしとしては一種の契約魔術のようなものだと思っていますが、\nその仕組みが解明されるようになるのは、\nもっとずっと先のことになりそうです。,I think of it as a kind of contract magic; but it seems like it'll be a long time before the mechanisms behind it are fully understood.
ちなみに魔法カードやトラップカードは、\n色々なマスターがパックを開けたときに同じカードが出ることがあります。,By the way; magic cards and trap cards can sometimes appear as the same card when different masters open their packs.
このように理性を持たないカードは人を選ばず出ることから、\n先ほど紹介したような、理性のあるカードは前世のつながりがあるのでは\nという突飛な説が生まれたわけです。,It's the fact that non-sentient cards appear no matter who opens a pack that led to the outlandish theory I mentioned earlier that sentient cards might have connections to past lives.
モンスターたちが所持している道具の中には、\n我々の生活の中ではあまり見られないものも多くあります。,Among the tools possessed by monsters; there are many that are rarely seen in our daily lives.
例えば一部のモンスターが所持している「銃」がそうですね。\n火の魔法を込めて、小さな石の弾や鉄の弾を飛ばす、\n魔法の小型杖です。,For example; some monsters carry 'guns' -small; magical staves that shoot tiny stone or iron projectiles infused with fire magic.
彼らや彼女らは有用な道具だと主張するのですが、\n普通に魔法で火球を飛ばした方が威力もあり、筒の中で繊細な火魔術の\nコントロールがいるあの道具は、あまり有用性がわかりません。,Some claim it's a useful tool; but casting a fireball with regular magic is much more powerful; and the tool requires delicate control of fire magic within the tube; so I don't know how useful it really is.
コントロール能力さえ高ければ魔力消費を抑えられるのは\nメリットにあげられるのかもしれませんね。,I suppose if you can control the magical energy; I suppose being able to reduce magic power consumption could be considered an advantage; right?
魔族領への侵攻のための兵を王都で集めているようですね。\nサキュバス相手となると今のわたしでは\n行ったところで敵の養分になってしまうだけでしょう。,Looks like they're gathering troops in the royal capital for an invasion of the demon realm. If I were to face a succubus now; I would just end up as food for the enemy.
これはせめてもの行為です。\n無敗のルーキー、あなたにカードを１枚託します。,This is the least I can do. Undefeated rookie; I entrust you with this card.
『{%%40333}』を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40333}!
わたしが持っている中でも一番レアリティの高いカードです。\nあなたならきっと役に立てることもできるでしょう。,It's the rarest card I have. I'm sure you could put it to good use.
しかし、わたしだってあなたの背を追うばかりではありません。\n必ずや快楽攻撃を克服して、サキュバスにも打ち勝ってみせますよ！,However; I'm not just going to let myself trail behind you. I'll definitely overcome pleasure attacks and defeat the succubi!
わたしが託したカードは、\nデッキから魔法カードを加えることのできる汎用的なカードです。,The card I entrusted to you is a versatile card that allows you to add a spell card from your deck to your hand.
しかし、魔術師モンスターを強化する効果もついているので、\n魔術師カードと共に使えば更なる効果を発揮できるでしょう。,However; it also has the effect of enhancing magician monsters; so if you use it with magician cards; it'll be even stronger.
もし使い道がなければ売ってしまってもかまいません。\nそのときはあなたが魔族領に行くときの、路銀にでも変えてください！,If you can't really use it; feel free to sell it. If you did that; you could exchange it for travel expenses when you go to the demon realm!
やぁやぁ、いらっしゃい。\nここでは闘技場の人気ランカーたちのグッズを売ってるよ。,Hey there; welcome! I sell merchandise from popular colosseum fighters here!
あの有名なモルゲン学園のエリートBランカー、メロディや\nシルヴィアのサイン色紙に・・・。,We have signed autograph boards from the famous elite B-rankers from Morgen Academy; Melody and Sylvia...
モンスターを１枚も使わずに戦う、\n「百器使い」ムサシ選手の武器をモデルにした\n模造刀なんてのもあるよ。,There's even a replica sword modeled after the weapon of Musashi; the 'Toolkit Tyrant'; who fights without using a single monster!
おや、アンタもよく見るとカードマスターだね。\nこれから試合かい？\nそれならほら、この色紙にサインをしておくれよ。,Oh; looking closer; you're a cardmaster too; aren't you? Are you heading to a match? In that case; here; sign this for me!
アンタがもし有名になったら高く売れるかもしれないだろ。\n代わりにほら、珍しいカードをあげよう。,If you get famous; I could probably sell it for a decent price. In exchange; I'll give you a rare card.
サインを書いた,Sign
サインを書かなかった,Don't sign
おお、ありがとう！\nアンタ気前がいいね。きっとこれから大成するよ。,Oh wow; thanks! You're pretty generous; aren't you? I'm sure you'll achieve great things from here on out!
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\n他のマスターから「いらない」ってんでもらったんだが、\nうまく活用してやってくれ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. I got it from another master who said they didn't need it. Make good use of it.
{%%40208}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40208}!
むむ、けちだねー、アンタ。\nそんなんじゃ大成しないよ。,Hmm; you're a stingy one; aren't you? With that attitude; you'll never get far!
まあいいや、それなら代わりに何か買っていっておくれよ。\nえ？荷物になるからいらない？\n残念だねー、こんなにいい商品ばかりなのに。,Well; never mind. In that case; why don't you buy something instead? Huh? You don't want it because it would just weigh you down? That's too bad; considering how great these products are.
モルゲン学園のエリートBランカー、\nメロディ嬢やシルヴィア嬢のサイン色紙に・・・。,Step on up and buy autographs from Melody and Sylvia; the elite B-rankers of Morgen Academy...
おや、アンタはさっきのカードマスターじゃないか。\nさっきはサインをありがとうよ。,Oh; you're the cardmaster from earlier; aren't you? Thanks again for the autograph!
最近は女マスターばっかり強いけど、\nアンタならきっと勝ち上がっていけるよ。\nあたしの目に間違いはない。がんばりな。,Recently; all the strong masters have mostly been female; but I have faith you can rise to the top! My eyes don't make mistakes. Keep it up.
おや、アンタはさっきのカードマスターじゃないか。\nなんだい、サインを書いてくれる気になったのかい？,Oh; aren't you that cardmaster from earlier? What; are you in the mood to give me an autograph now?
サインを書いてあげた,Give an autograph
サインを書いてあげなかった,Don't give an autograph
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\n他のマスターからいらないっていうんでもらったんだが、\nうまく活用してやってくれ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. I got it from another master who said they didn't need it. Put it to good use.
なんだい。ひやかしならほら、帰っておくれ。\nあとでこのカードが欲しくなって後悔しても知らないよ。,What is it? If you're just here to mock me; then go on; get out. Don't come crying later if you end up wanting that card!
蜘蛛使いの看守、ヤツメ選手のかっこいいブーツに、\n獣使いの猫マスター、ネネコ選手の毛玉。,I have the spider-handling guard Yatsume's cool boots; and the beast-handling cat master Neneko's furball.
それにほら、いま話題の新人ルーキーのサインもあるよ。\n買った、買った。安いよ。,And look; I even have the signature of the upcoming rookie everyone's talking about! Step up and get it! Nice and cheap!
おや、アンタは当のルーキーさまじゃないか。\nわたしがにらんだとおり、\nあんたはさっそく初勝利をあげてくれたね。,Oh hey; aren't you the rookie everyone's talking about? Just as I suspected; you've already secured your first victory; haven't you?
ほら、またサインを書いておくれよ。\nあんたのサインわりと人気があるんだ。\n代わりにまた珍しいカードをあげるからさ。,Here; write your signature again. Your autograph's pretty popular right now. In return; I'll give you another rare card.
おお、ありがとう！\nいやぁさすがは期待の新人だね。\nやっぱり上に行くやつは太っ腹だよ。性格がいいね。,Oh; thank you! Wow; as expected from a promising rookie. Those destined to rise to the top are always so generous! You have a good heart; don't you?
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\n自分の体にキノコを生やすカードだよ。何に使うんだろうね。\nまあうまく使ってやっておくれ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. It makes mushrooms grow on your body. I'm not really sure what it's for; but make sure to put it to good use.
{%%40327}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40327}!
なんだい。一回勝ったぐらいで有名人気取りかい。\n気前のよかったアンタが、\nケチになっちゃうなんて、わたしゃ悲しいね。,What's up? Just because you won once; you think you're too famous for autographs now? It's sad to see someone who used to be so generous become so stingy; don't you think?
何も買わないなら帰っておくれ。\nこの珍しいカードもほかの人に売っちまうよ。,If you're not going to buy anything; then just go home. I'll sell this rare card to someone else!
おや、自分のサインがどれぐらい売れてるのか見に来たのかい？\nまあまだ一勝だからね。\n闘技場のマニアがちょっと買ってくぐらいだよ。,Oh; did you come to see how much your signature is selling for? Well; you've still only won once. Only a few colosseum enthusiasts buy it!
だけどアンタはきっと勝つね。勝ちまくってくれれば\nサインの値段は２倍にも１０倍にもなるんだ。\n楽しみにしてるから、がんばっておくれよ。,But you'll definitely keep winning; right? If you keep winning; the price of your autograph will double; or maybe even increase tenfold. I'm looking forward to it; so do your best!
おや、なんだい、期待の新人さまじゃないか。\n気が変わったのかい。\nサインを書いてくれれば、この珍しいカードをあげるよ。,Oh; what do we have here? The promising rookie. Have you changed your mind? If you sign this; I'll give you that rare card I offered earlier!
「妖精の酒場」のミレーヌ選手のお店への地図に、\nそこの食事一覧が書いたメニューもあるよ。,I have a map to Mylene's bar; the 'Fairy Tavern'; along with a menu listing the meals served there!
お、このサインが欲しいって？お目が高いねお客さん。\nはい、買った買った。\nありがとね。,Oh; you want this autograph? You've got good taste; my friend. Alright; alright; I'll sell it to you. Thank you very much.
・・・おや、また会ったね。おかげさんで中々盛況だよ。\nあんたのサインも今ちょうど売れたところさ。\n２連勝したんで少しは名前が売れてきたのかね。,...Oh; we meet again; huh? Thanks to you; business is pretty good! Your autograph just sold; too. Maybe your name is starting to get some recognition after two consecutive wins; eh?
ほら、またサインを書いておくれよ。\n代わりにまた珍しいカードをあげるからさ。,Here; write your autograph again! In return; I'll give you another rare card.
おお、ありがとう！\nいやぁさすがは期待の新人だね。\nあんたほど優しい男をわたしゃ知らないよ。,Oh; thank you! Wow; you really earned your title of promising rookie. I don't know any other man as kind as you!
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\nあんまり役に立たない猫のゴーレムだそうだよ。\nちょっと攻撃力を上げてくれるとか。まあうまく使ってやっておくれ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. It's a cat golem that doesn't really do much; but it might boost your attack power a bit. Make good use of it.
{%%40234}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40234}!
なんだい。今日はけちだね。\nなにか機嫌でも悪いのかい。,What's up? You're being stingy today. Are you in a bad mood or something?
・・・おや、また会ったね。\n猫ゴーレムが入らないって言われてもわたしにゃどうしようもないよ。\nわたし自身はカードを使えないしね。,...Oh; we meet again. If they say cat golems aren't allowed; there's nothing I can do about it. I can't use the card myself; you know?
捨てるに忍びないからってんでわたしにくれるんだろうね。\nまあ色々変わったカードがあるからこれからも\nサインのお代にあげるよ。楽しみにしてな。,They probably gave it to me because they can't bear to throw it away. Anyway; I have various other unique cards; so I'll continue giving them to you as payment for your signature! Look forward to it.
おや、なんだい、けちな新人さまじゃないか。\n気が変わったのかい。\nサインを書いてくれれば、この珍しいカードをあげるよ。,Oh; what's this? Aren't you the stingy newbie? Changed your mind; have you? If you sign; I'll give you that rare card!
元Bランカー、侍使いのレックスの折れた刀に、\n元Cランカー、連弾魔術師シラクの魔法の杖。\n安いよ。安いよ。,A broken sword of the former B-rank samurai user; Rex; and the magic wand of the former C-rank dual-cast sorcerer; Shiraku. Cheap; very cheap!
ううむ、男性マスターのグッズはあんまり売れないね。\n最近みんな降格しちゃって、\n人気がないから困っちゃうよ。,Hmm; merchandise for the male masters just doesn't sell well anymore. Recently; everyone of them's been demoted; and their lack of popularity is becoming a problem!
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nあんたのサインは男マスターの中じゃ売れてるほうさ。これで\n３連勝だろう？あんたならもしかしたらって期待されてるのかもね。,...Oh; we meet again; eh? Your signature is one of the better-selling ones among the male masters. That's three wins in a row; right? Maybe they're expecting something from you; do you think?
おお、ありがとう！\nいやぁさすがは男の中の男だね。\n婆に優しい、それだからこんなに強いんだ。,Oh; thank you! Wow; you're truly a man among men. You're kind heart's why you're so strong. 
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\n今度は正真正銘レアカードだよ。\nたぶん強いよ。,Here; take this thank-you card. It's a genuine rare card this time. It even looks pretty strong!
{%%60036}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%60036}!
侍使いのマスターがわたしに売っていったんだ。\n爆乳マスターのキャミーに負けて、いまじゃすっかり落ちぶれちまったが、\n強くていいマスターだったんだよ。,The samurai-using master sold it to me. He lost to the busty master Cammy; and has completely fallen from grace now. Still; he was a good and strong master!
男マスターの話をしてたらなんだか思い出しちまった。\nこんないいもの普段ならあげないんだけど、\nアンタなら上手く使いこなせるかもね。,Talking about the male masters reminded me I had it. I usually wouldn't give away something this good; but maybe you could make good use of it; right?
なんだい。あんたは男マスターの中だと一番けちかもね。\n女マスターに勝てたからってそんなじゃすぐ負けちまうよ。,Seriously? You might be the stingiest out of all the male masters I've seen. Even if you managed to beat a couple female masters; at this rate; you'll lose soon enough!
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nアンタに上げた刀のカード、使える相手が結構少ないらしいね。\nサムライとかニンジャってのは騎士や密偵のことらしいよ。,...Oh; we meet again. The sword card I gave you seems to have quite a few limitations on who can use it. Looks like samurai and ninja refer to knights and spies!
カードは色んな別世界につながってるらしいから、\n色んな呼び名があるんだろうね。\nどこかに金がたんまり手に入る世界はないのかね。行ってみたいもんだ,It seems that the cards connect to various parallel worlds; so there must be different names for them. Is there a world somewhere where you can easily get a ton of money? I'd love to visit.
蛇使いパトラがペットにしてる蛇の脱皮殻に、\nギャンブラーCランカー、キャミー選手が一回使ったコイン。,The shed skin of the snake that the snake charmer Patra keeps as a pet; and a coin used once by the C-rank gambler; Cammy!
さらにCランクに昇格目前、男なのに連勝中の\n期待のルーキーのサインもあるよ。\nほら、買った。買った。,There's also the signature of the promising rookie; who's on the verge of being promoted to C-rank and has been on a winning streak despite being a man! Buy it here; only place you can!
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nあんたに注目する人もだいぶ増えて、サインもいい感じに売れてるよ。\nいやぁわたしの目に狂いはなかったね。,...Oh; we meet again. More and more people are paying attention to you; and your autographs are selling quite well! I guess my judgment was spot on; don't you think?
おお、ありがとう！\nもうすぐCランクになる男はさすがだね。\nあんたみたいに優しい人にはきっといいことがあるよ。,Oh; thank you! Just what I'd expect from a man who's about to reach C-Rank. Someone kind like you will surely have good things come your way.
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\nあんたみたいな金の卵を産むにわとりのカードだよ。\n卵がずっと残ればお金儲けに使えるんだけどねぇ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. It's a card of a hen that lays golden eggs; kind of like you with your signatures! If the egg was real; I could've made a lot of money; don't you think?
{%%40328}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40328}!
なんだい。いつになくけちだね。\nCランクになれるからって、増長しちまったのかい？\nおお、やだやだ。,What's up? You're unusually stingy today. Have you gotten full of yourself just because you have a shot at becoming a C-rank? That's too bad.
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nにわとりはちゃんと働いてるかい？\nバトルが終わったら産んだ卵も消えちまうらしいからそこが残念だね。,...Oh; we meet again; eh? Is that chicken I gave you working out? It seems that the eggs it lays disappear after battle. Such a shame; don't you think?
まあそうじゃなければ\nカードでいくらでも何でも生み出せるからね。\nあたしらみたいな一般人は商売あがったりだったろうね。,I guess if they didn't; you could create just about anything and everything with cards. People like us; the common folk; would have been out of business; huh?
一般人にも生きる道を与えてくれた女神さまに感謝だよ。\nできればカードを使える魔力の方がほしかったけどね。,I'm grateful to the goddess for giving us ordinary people a way to live. If I could've; I would have preferred having the magical power to use cards though; you know?
Bランクマスターシルヴィア選手の最強カード、イージスの人形に、\nモルゲンのエース、Aランクマスターエイライラのハーピーの羽。\nどれも珍しいよ。,Here's the Aegis Doll; the strongest card of B-rank Master Sylvia! We also have a Harpy Feather from Morgen's ace; A-rank Master Eilaira! Rare items for sale!
さらに連戦連勝でCランクに昇格、\nあの「無敗」の最強ルーキーのサインもあるよ。\nほら、買った。買った。,What's more; I even have an autograph from the Undefeated Rookie who's been winning back-to-back and has been promoted to C-rank! Only place to get it is right here!
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nあんたに会いたかったんだ。見てごらんあんたのサインは大人気さ。\nやっぱりあんたは大物になるって思ってたよ。,...Oh; we meet again. I wanted to see you. Look; your signature is super popular. I knew you were going to be a big deal!
おお、ありがとう！\nさすが無敗でCランクになっただけあるね。\nあんたみたいに太っ腹なマスターはそうはいないよ。,Oh; thank you! Just what I'd expect from someone who made it to C-rank undefeated. There aren't many generous masters like you!
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\nキャミーに勝った強運なあんたにぴったりの、\nサイコロのカードだよ。,Here; this is a thank-you card. It's a dice card; perfect for someone lucky enough to beat Cammy!
{%%40330}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%40330}!
なんだい。けちだね。\nCランクになって、人が変わっちまったのかい？\nおお、やだやだ。,What's up? You're being kinda stingy; aren't you? Did making it to C-rank change you? That's too bad.
・・・おや、また会ったね。サイコロのカードは使えているかい？\nあたしにゃよくわからないが、\nモンスターのレベルを変えるとかなんとか。,...Oh; we meet again. Have you gotten a chance to try out the dice card I gave you? I don't really understand how it works; but it's something about changing the monster's level or something?
運任せな分使い手を選びそうなカードだよね。\n強運で実力もあるあんたにゃぴったりだよ。,It seems like a card that relies on luck and might be picky about who can use it. It's perfect for someone like you who has both luck and skill!
おや、なんだい、けちなルーキーさまじゃないか。\n気が変わったのかい。\nサインを書いてくれれば、この珍しいカードをあげるよ。,Oh; what's this? Aren't you the stingy rookie? Have you changed your mind? If you give me your signature; I'll give you this rare card!
最近の売れ筋はこれ、あの無敗のルーキーのサインだよ。\n男の身なのに勝利に次ぐ勝利、\nCランクでも快進撃を続けてるあのルーキーだよ。,The recent bestseller is this; the signature of the Undefeated Rookie! Despite being a man; he keeps winning victory after victory; continuing his impressive run even into C-rank!
おお、ありがとう！\nやっぱりアンタはいい男だね。優しいし強いし、\nいやぁモルゲンで一番男前かもしれないね。,Oh; thank you! You really are a good man; aren't you? You're kind and strong; and you might just be the most handsome guy in Morgen; you know?
ほらこれがお礼のカードだ。\n昔ネネコがいらないってくれたネズミのカードだよ。\nとげとげしてるから気に入らないとか言ってたね。,Here; this is a thank-you card. It's a mouse card that Neneko didn't want and gave to me a long time ago. I think she said she didn't like it because it was 'too prickly.'
{%%60041}を手に入れた！,Obtained {%%60041}!
なんだい。いまさらけちけちしちゃってさ。つれないね。\nたくさん勝って人気も出たからって優しい心をなくしちまったのかい？\nおお、やだやだ。,What's up? Being stingy now; huh? So cold. Just because you've won a lot and gotten really popular; you've lost your kind heart? Oh; how awful.
・・・おや、また会ったね。\nネズミは役に立ってるかい？\nネズミは小さくてかわいいよねぇ。あたしゃわりと好きだよ。,...Oh; we meet again. Is the mouse being useful? Mice are small and cute; aren't they? I quite like them!
ちょろちょろしてて意地汚くて、なんだか親近感がわくじゃないか。\n人間だって似たようなものだろう？\nあたしゃそう思うね。,They're always scurrying around; being a bit greedy; yet somehow; they feel relatable; don't you think? Humans are pretty similar; right? That's what I think.
あら、{主人公}、あなたも闘技場に挑戦するの？,Oh; {主人公}; are you also here to challenge the colosseum?
闘技場は手ごわいわよ。\nわたしもDランカーだから、何度も試合に挑んでいるけれど、\nなかなか勝率５割を上回れないのよね。,The colosseum is tough. I'm a D-ranker too; and I've fought a bunch of matches; but I can't seem to get higher than a win-rate of 50%.
これから初試合の申し込み？わたしの友達の「オクタ」って子も\nさっき申し込んだって言ってたから、\nもしかしたらあなたと当たるかも。,Are you signing up for your first match now? My friend Octa just signed up too; so you might end up facing each other.
背は小さくてかわいらしい子なんだけど、\n相手のカードを水属性に替えちゃうトリッキーなデッキで\n結構強いわよ。あなたに勝てるかしら。,She's small and cute; but she has a tricky deck that can change the opponent's cards to water attribute; and she's pretty strong. I wonder if she can beat you.
わたしは闘技場マニア。\n闘技場に出場しているすべてのカードマスターの情報を知っている\n筋金入りの闘技場オタクさ！,I'm a colosseum fanatic. I'm a hardcore nerd who knows everything about all the cardmasters participating in the colosseum!
対戦相手の情報が知りたければ、ボクが教えてあげよう。\nなんでも聞くといいよ！,If you want to know about your opponent; I can tell you. Just ask me anything!
Dランクマスターの情報が知りたい,I want to know about a D-rank master.
Dランクの誰について知りたいんだい？,Which D-rank character do you want to know about?
オクタ,Octa
ミレーヌ,Mireille
ドワン,Dwan
パトラ,Patra
あ、あの・・・。あなたがあの{主人公}選手ですか？\nうわぁー、ほんものだ。,Uh; um... Are you {主人公}? Wow; it's really you.
お母さんから、エッチなのはダメって言われるから、\n試合は見れてないんですけど、\n話ですごく勝ってる男のマスターがいるって聞いてて・・・。,My mom told me that I'm not allowed to do anything inappropriate; so I haven't been able to watch any matches; but I've heard that there's a male master who's winning a lot...
僕もカードマスターになりたいんです！\n握手してください！{主人公}選手みたいになれるように頑張ります！,I want to become a cardmaster; too! Please shake my hand! I'll do my best to become just like you!
